% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\hypersetup{
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-\maxdimen} % remove section numbering

\author{}
\date{}

\begin{document}

\textbf{MOTHER -The Original Story-}

\textbf{(EarthBound Beginnings)}

By \href{https://twitter.com/kumisaori}{\emph{Saori Kumi}}\\
Translation by
\href{http://www.twitter.com/nyaasunekoban}{\emph{Nyaasu}}

(Please see my \href{http://www.nyaasunobouken.com}{\emph{website}} for
more translations!)

A few quick
\href{https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BakfcrZHzafqgTdGlB_Wwbl7smCl6qxxXjN5WLSqg-A}{\emph{notes}}!

(If you're viewing this on mobile, be sure to switch to "desktop mode"
to see chapter selection!)

(Please don't mind the mess! I'm currently giving this doc an overhaul!
While going through this translation again after some practice/study I
am finding errors and fixing them ASAP.

Thank you for your patience!)

\textbf{ Chapter 1 - Village of the Midnight Sun}

If you're trying to find Snowman, check the area just around the North
Pole. If you have a decent map or globe, it will be there. It's a tiny,
tiny village, but nevertheless, look, it's there, and it's famous for
its midnight sun.

During the summer in this part of the world, you can read a newspaper
without the need for electric lights long after night falls, and long
before the day begins. If you traveled there for a visit, got up in the
middle of the night to use the bathroom, and looked out the window, it
would be so bright you'd think it was time to say ``good morning''. To
put it simply, daylight usually lasts for only half of a day, but during
the summer in Snowman, it lasts an unbelievably long time.

But this was winter. The harshest season of the year. When most of the
day is like night. Daybreak comes late, dusk sets in early, and the
afternoon is coated in a blanket of very dim light. Even at midday, you
can just barely see the pitiful light of the sun right above the
horizon. Before the day breaks, there is a true darkness here that
probably doesn't exist anywhere else in the world.

Beyond this thick, deep darkness, from somewhere in the rugged mountains
where the snow never melts the whole year through, there came a sudden
gust of wind.

The wind made its way through every part of the little village.

It was as if this wind was searching for something. It made the snow
blanketing the rooftops dance, lightly shook the weather-worn shutters,
and made the clusters of wintry trees tremble, paying a visit to each
and every place it could reach. At this time, all of the people and
animals were still asleep. So the wind seemed to show restraint and
consideration, though it seemed somewhat frustrated. Without having
found what it was looking for, the wind dejectedly turned back toward
the mountains. Then, suddenly it paused.

\emph{Here. I'm here.}

Clinging precariously to a small plot of land near the base of a
mountain, there was a tiny, tiny church. And from it, there came a
response.

\emph{...Have you come? Have you come at last? Is it you?}

\emph{I'm here.}

\emph{I'm Ana.}

\emph{I've known you for a long time. I've been waiting. ...For you.
Surely you know me?}

\emph{Tell me.}

\emph{What kind of person are you?}

\emph{Just who are you?}

The wind did not answer and, seemingly delighted, it swirled itself into
a tight curl and vanished.

Behind it, it left a young girl whose eyes still looked as though they
were only half-way out of a bad dream.

For a short while Ana held still, and she waited. As if in a state of
sleep paralysis, she lay there staring at the ceiling, not wanting to
overlook any sensations, keeping her eyes, her ears, and her mind open.

But after that, there was nothing more.

\emph{It's gone......again.}

Ana took a deep breath and relaxed.

She couldn't be sure if what she was seeing were dreams or illusions, or
if they were real messages of some kind. In any case, it seemed like it
was not time for her to understand them just yet.

Finally at ease, she let down her guard for a moment, and suddenly her
mind was overflowing with the same sorts of broken, disjointed images as
usual.

Electric desk lamps baring fangs and attacking... Zombies... Enemies
that looked like strange machines... Fighting off tigers, elephants, and
alligators in the ruins of a zoo... Suffering terrible wounds, feeling
so exhausted and worn out... They looked so terribly real, the details
in these visions. ...No, they were more like first-hand encounters.
After experiencing them so many, many times, they could better be
described as her own memories.

For a long time before this, she'd been having these dreams every night.
Now not only did they come at night, but even in the middle of the day,
when she would suddenly feel her mind drifting somewhere far away,
tossed into some world that was not here.

No...it would certainly be wrong to call them dreams. There were parts
that seemed like dreams, but these were something different.

Ana had strange powers from the start. She could read the thoughts of
others, and could heal small wounds with only a gentle touch. During a
tantrum when she was younger, she inadvertently shattered all the
windows and teacups that were nearby, and she became more careful from
then on. She practiced lifting objects without touching them and
communicating with birds and animals, and had learned to control
abilities like these, but still, from time to time, she would scare
herself. If ever her temper flared, something like invisible lightning
would lash out and strike at anything or anyone nearby, and she was not
able to stop it.

Perhaps she also had the power to see things that were happening far
away.

Maybe that kind of power would grant her these dream-like visions.

But, she couldn't use it as she pleased. It would not reveal to her any
particular thing she wanted to know, and it would not take her to any
specific place she wanted to see. If it could, there was only one thing
she wanted to know right now. She had only one urgent desire. But
unfortunately, Ana could not use this power at her will.

It wasn't until recently that she started to realize that there may be
someone out there, someone special, who was like her. Maybe it was only
certain people who were able to use this power.

Perhaps there was someone out there with the same powers as Ana, and
maybe that someone was sending out a transmission. Projecting their own
experiences into Ana's mind.

She tried blocking it out, and she tried ignoring it, but it did no
good. On top of that, her voice couldn't seem to get through in reply,
so she was miserable. It was as if they were the ``broadcasting
station'', and she was a radio without a working dial...just taking in
the frequencies. She hated it, and she didn't understand why it was
happening, but there was nothing that she could do about it.

If there was only one other out there, they must be very special, she
decided.

But who on earth were they?

From all those fleeting images, she had come to understand a little bit
about this certain someone.

He seemed to be a boy, about the same age as Ana. Brave and energetic,
he wasn't a bad guy, but he was rash and violent, and seemed lacking in
sensitivity, which caused Ana to frown from time to time.

For example, there was the time he'd encountered that red-haired girl,
Pippi, who smiled so shyly. When she held out that brightly glittering
badge, Ana felt a painful twitch in her heart. In that brief exchange,
Pippi's sadness, the loneliness she felt as they parted ways, could be
read so clearly, but this ``broadcaster''...he felt nothing at all. She
had given him her most precious treasure, yet he seemed to think
absolutely nothing of it. His head was only filled with thoughts of
continuing his journey.

When he went to a wide-open park of some sort that was all in shades of
pink, where the air was filled with sweet scents, he should have been
more wary, but he seemed only to feel a strange sense of nostalgia. When
he met with a curious woman who was said to be something like a queen,
he just stood there in a daze with his mouth half open, blinking his
eyes way too much. He seemed simple and childish. He didn't appear to be
very bright at all.

But, there were times when she felt closely in touch with this boy's
feelings.

Like that moment when he opened a set of steel doors, and was so deeply
moved by the sight of the vast, blue sky above. He seemed to be on the
roof of a school, somewhere. It was here that he found another boy, all
alone. Ana's lips had moved along with this ``broadcaster'' as he spoke.

``Yo, Lloyd! I've been looking for you. My name's Ken. And there's
something I could really use your help with.''

That was it. Apparently this ``broadcaster'' was named Ken.

And lately he'd been traveling with a boy who wore thick glasses -- that
boy must be Lloyd.

The one he called ``Lloyd'' was a scrawny little weakling, who seemed
utterly useless. He was all talk, but when there was any danger, he'd
just flail his arms and squeal. If an enemy was particularly strong, all
he would do was sit on the ground covering his head in his arms. He was
a hindrance. You'd be better off alone in a fight than with him at your
side, or so Ana thought, but apparently Ken thought differently. He took
great care to stand up for and protect him. Even though Ken would have
been able to travel faster on his own, he would always spend a good deal
of money to allow Lloyd to rest. But he wasn't always so lenient with
him.

And their most dislikable feature was that they were both mama's boys.

``Ah...mama...I wonder how you're doing...''

Lloyd was mumbling to himself, unable to sleep, and Ken furrowed his
brow. Then, he let out an exaggerated, loud laugh -- a good, strong,
\emph{\textbf{WA-HAHA!}}

``You dummy. You make me laugh. What's your problem, not off your mama's
milk yet? Everything's fine. I'm sure the old hag next door is taking
good care of her. And we left her plenty of money. Besides, even if you
were there with her, it's not like there's anything you could do.''

``You shouldn't talk like that.''

Lloyd sat up and put on his glasses.

``Sometimes you cry out during your nightmares, and you call for your
mom, or Mimmie, or Minnie. Sometimes you wake up screaming, and you're
covered in sweat. But have I ever laughed at you? Hmm? Have I laughed at
you even once?''

``...Hmph. ...Don't go there,'' Ken growled.

``Well then, stop making fun of me,'' Lloyd replied. ``Besides, your
mom's not even sick. M...My mom...if we don't find the Kannon
flower...if...if we don't find it, she's going to die before next
spring...''

``...Well...''

Ken sat down on the bed while scratching the back of his head.

``Well...for your information, it's not just \emph{your} mom whose life
is in danger, here. Clearly, all of \emph{mankind} might not make it to
next spring. The entire \emph{world} is at stake here.''

``...I know that.''

``Then stop calling for your mommy, and get to sleep!'' Ken cried.
``Tomorrow we go mountain-climbing. Pull yourself together, and get your
strength up. I'm begging you, Mister Genius-Kid-Scientist.''

At that point, this ``broadcast'' had been forcefully interrupted by a
flying pillow.

\emph{Boy, would I have had some choice words for these two if I had
been there}, Ana thought.

Ken's mother was only separated from him by distance, in their house in
some faraway hometown, and while it was unfortunate that Lloyd's mother
was suffering from some incurable sickness, it sounded like she was
still definitely at home, somewhere. If they wanted to see their
mothers, why didn't they just...go see them?

These boys had made the decision to leave their homes, and it was by
their own choice that they were continuing onward...yet they still pined
for their mothers.

``What a luxury!''

As she said this out loud, she noticed that her throat was dry.

Ana quietly got out of bed and put on her slippers. She planned to go to
the kitchen and drink some water.

However, as soon as she opened her bedroom door, she noticed something.
There was a light coming from the chapel. \emph{My father must also be
awake. Maybe he couldn't get much sleep, either. Come to think of it, it
will be dawn soon, anyway.}

Ana breathed a small sigh and quietly stepped into the chapel.

``...Oh Lord, have mercy. Graceful father, please grant peace upon thy
children, all across this Earth, once more.''

Her father was kneeling before the cross, his head bowed, and in a tiny,
tiny voice, he was offering a prayer. Ana gently gathered the skirt of
her nightgown, quietly lowered herself into a pew in the back row, and
she clasped her hands together.

``We are all waiting. For our salvation. For your protection.''

\emph{...Please, we implore you. Somehow, please help us.}

Ana held her lips tightly closed, and prayed from her heart.

\emph{Please, let us know. Let us know if mother is alright. If she's
still alive. Please, bring her home safely, soon.}

\emph{Please tell us. Tell us what we should do.}

``Oh Lord, who shines light through the darkness for the sake of us all,
please send one who is righteous to those of us who are lost.''

Ana's mother had been missing for a month. She had gone to Youngtown on
official business for the church, but she never returned.

The circumstances were rather unusual. On that same day, all of the
adults in Youngtown vanished without a trace. Rumors began to spread.
Rumors that aliens had abducted them and taken them all to Mount Itoi.
And this was just one of the many chaotic events that had been happening
all over the world lately.

``Send one who is pure, who does not fear the bad omens, and who knows
light from darkness.''

Ana and her father knew very little about what was going on in the
outside world. The horrible things that were happening all over the
globe, which made the headlines in newspapers and on the news -- the
strange rumors, the threatening skies...these things they certainly knew
about, more or less. But Snowman was a quiet, snow-covered mountain
village. Trends which began in the bigger cities would completely fade
out before they reached this countryside. For Ana, who had been born and
raised in a small town such as this, it always seemed like any major
incidents began and ended in places she felt no connection to.

She'd had no concept of something like a ``worldwide crisis''.

This was probably why she felt such contempt for the immaturity of those
two boys...

Her father's prayer continued.

``Send one whose heart is strong, who can be discouraged by no
hardships, who can scale even the highest mountains that may rise in his
path.''

Her father was suffering. He truly loved her mother, and he was worried.

She was all he had. And now she was gone, abducted maybe (by aliens, by
demons, or by someone she met in Youngtown...who knows). How could he
set this aside, even if it was just ``one small part of all the chaos''?

...But her father was a pastor. Of course his family was precious to
him, but he had to consider the job bestowed upon him by God above all
other things.

He was still a pastor first, and if he lost his composure and offered
prayers half-heartedly, or if he were to leave the village to search for
his wife, the people of Snowman would have no idea what to do. Even as
it was, the rumors were already beginning to spread. Rumors that the
world was coming to its end.

And so her father, still as diligent now as always, would neatly slick
back his thinning hair, trim his mustache, tighten up his gown just a
little, and put on a gentle smile. When anxious and frightened
townspeople came to him, he would put a gentle hand on their shoulder
and assure them that everything would be alright, in his deep and
soothing voice.

Still as diligent now as always.

But in the hours just before daybreak, when he wasn't expecting any
visitors, he would quietly steal off into the chapel like this, and he
would pray with his whole heart.

\emph{I can't go myself, it's not my place...}

\emph{So please, send us someone who can handle this.}

There was nothing her father could do but pray.

Kneeling as he was, her father's darkened figure looked so strangely
small, and Ana bit her bottom lip.

Her long eyelashes fluttered, and a teardrop fell.

\emph{...It's no use, it has to be me -- I'll go.}

\emph{I'll go find my mother. And save everyone else, too. I'll go off
on a journey full of struggles, with no way of knowing when I'll come
home...or if I'll even come home at all.}

\emph{Those dream-like things, they were probably supposed to be
something like a preview. They must have been sent to let me know that I
am going to meet those boys soon, so that I wouldn't be confused at all
and I'd be able to prepare myself.}

\emph{But...really? Could that really be it?}

\emph{Would God really urge a girl just short of her thirteenth birthday
to make such a grave decision? Would He give her such an important
role?}

``Shine thy light upon us. Raise thy torch through this dark night, that
this righteous one may not be led astray. And should his strength ever
fail him, grant him tranquil respite. We welcome all travelers. We would
welcome the one who presses on in the name of virtue with more
hospitality than even those of our own blood, and we pray for him.''

\emph{...If it is the Lord's will, then...!}

Ana wiped her eyes and rubbed her cheeks.

\emph{Lord, my life is in your hands.}

\emph{I'm scared, but I'm going to do my best. I've never left home
before, and I'm very nervous.}

\emph{But I'm going to fight!}

``...And one day, surely, he will raise that sword in the name of glory,
and his lips will sing songs in praise of the Lord, and once again, the
earth will be--''

``\textbf{Excuse me!!}''

``...Trav...elers?''

Her father turned around, trembling, with a mixture of surprise and hope
on his face.

Suddenly, the church doors swung wide open. As they did, the dazzling
light of the morning sun burst through. In this light stood two shadows,
not very large, but still rather impressive.

``Sorry, we're just here to drop off a lost item.''

Hardly apologizing for interrupting the prayer, and now barging in
uninvited, was a young boy wearing his baseball cap askew. He wore a
backpack, and carelessly shouldered a fine-looking baseball bat that
glittered like gold in the sunlight.

``Someone...apparently a girl from this village...dropped their hat in
the train station in Reindeer. We figured if we left it at this church,
they could come pick it up or something. ...Jeeze, the world's in chaos,
and I still gotta spend my time doing dumb little chores like this?''

Ana quickly rose, and walked over to him.

``That's...it's mine,'' she said.

``Oh?''

The boy had blue eyes, and his face, spotted with freckles, broke into a
wide grin.

``Oh, finally!'' he sighed. ``I even said to myself, 'I bet it belongs
to some dumb, stupid girl', and there she is. What a pain in my--''

``Ken. You're Ken. And so this, this must be Lloyd,'' Ana said, ignoring
him.

``What the?''

``How did you...''

In the bright morning light reflecting off the snow, time seemed to
stand still for a brief moment. Both boys and her father froze fast as
if they were playing Red Light, Green Light. They had no idea what was
going on. The only one who did, the only one who understood
everything...was Ana.

She felt a bit of pride in this, naturally.

Ana confidently straightened herself up, and one after the other she
shook hands with the boys, who had bewildered looks on their faces.

\emph{So, we finally meet. Today is the day.}

Their hands were still hot and a little dirty from their journey, but it
felt rather nice.

``I'm Ana. And I'm going with you.''

As she said this, Ana aimed her thoughts at Ken's heart and let them
fly.

\emph{Don't make fun of me just because I'm a girl. I know I can be a
great help to you.}

\emph{But first, you've got to lend me your strength and help me save my
mother...!}

``H...hey Ana? Where exactly...are you going?'' asked her father,
looking quite fearful before even hearing the answer.

``Isn't it obvious? We're off to save the world!'' replied Lloyd, as he
put his hands on his hips. ``Believe it or not, we are the world's
strongest Global Defense Force! And we've solved many crises already!''

``Defense...Force...?''

Ana's father's jaw dropped loosely.

``Yup, that's right,'' Lloyd replied. ``Well, let's start things off
right, it's nice to meet you, Miss Ana. I'm happy to know you. I'm sure
we'll be good friends.''

``Yes, of course!'' Ana replied.

``But...there is something I'm terribly curious about, and it's this --
how is it that you know about us already?''

``We can talk about it later,'' said Ana. ``We'll have plenty of chances
from now on.''

``That's very true. Terribly logical of you,'' Lloyd replied.

``Hey, wait, wait!'' her father interjected, nearly tripping over his
gown.

``Please wait. What on earth are you saying? You three are going to save
the world? You couldn't possibly. You're just...you're only children.''

\textbf{{[}{[}You gotta be kidding. This again?{]}{]}}

Ken's frustration burst directly into Ana's mind, uninvited.

\textbf{{[}{[}Everywhere we go, all we hear is adults talking down on
us, saying,}\emph{\textbf{``you're just kids, you're just
kids''}}\textbf{. And yet, people like him take advantage of kids as
much as they can. If this is how the world's gonna be, maybe we should
just let it fall apart.{]}{]}}

\emph{Wow. This kid's got issues.}

Just as she thought this, Ken's eyes met Ana's, and his eyebrow
twitched.

\textbf{{[}{[}Well...I don't understand it all, but I'm glad. At least
this girl's not ugly. Heh, in fact, she's kinda hot, especially in that
nightgo--{]}{]}}

``Ugh!''

\emph{\textbf{SMACK!}}

Ken looked completely shocked as he held his cheek, which was turning
red. Apparently, he was totally unaware of the fact that he was
transmitting his thoughts after all. And sure enough, Ken was the
``broadcaster'' and Ana was the radio, and it did not seem to work the
other way around.

``You guys find something to eat, while I go get changed!'' said Ana,
coldly.

She took her leave, and then she gave a little sigh.

\emph{Mother...}

\emph{At this rate...I can't be sure what the future might hold for us.}

\textbf{Chapter 2 - Warriors}

``Hey, wait--''

They were halfway along a shortcut to Snowman's train station. Ken came
to a halt, swung his right arm out to the side, and warily adjusted the
bat in his left hand.

``What is it \emph{now}?'' asked Ana.

When she turned to look, Ken had an unusually intense expression on his
face, and seemed to be listening for something.

But Ana, feeling a little tired of it all, doubted the severity of the
situation.

The boys had taken baths, stuffed themselves full of food, and had an
afternoon nap while she was busy gently persuading her tearful father to
let her go with them, and then they had finally gotten their journey
underway. Any signs of other travelers on this forested trail which
wound through the mountainside had been hidden by the snow, which came
up to their knees with every step. Ana was used to this, but the going
was still slow. On top of that, the sky looked pretty threatening. If
they wanted to make it to the station by dusk, they would have to hurry.

And yet, Ken kept pausing suddenly like this, and wouldn't explain why.

Their journey had barely begun, and she was already weary of it. Ana
looked at him, crossed her arms, and said quietly,

``Oh please. Don't tell me you forgot something back at my hou--''

``...Here they come. Out of my way!''

As he said this, Ken grabbed Ana by the arm and pulled her back
forcefully. She realized that he was trying to get her behind his back
to protect her, but since it happened so suddenly, she tripped over her
own feet. Luckily the snow's surface was soft, but she came very close
to crashing into a thick branch of a nearby fir tree. Her tumbling came
to a stop and, with her mouth hanging wide open, suddenly she screamed.

Kicking up violent flurries of snow like a smokescreen behind them, some
kind of huge, ferocious white creatures were attacking from every
direction at once!

...And in an instant, the fight was on. Ken's bat was swinging, Lloyd's
boomerang was whizzing, and those white blurs scattered, leaving thick
clouds of snow in their wake. But before she could even breathe a sigh
of relief, the white blurs ran at them again, from all sorts of
unexpected angles. They were coming from above, from the side, from the
right, from the left, and from behind.

It was all so overwhelming. Ana didn't know what was going on and
couldn't find her bearings. Cowering there on the snow, all she could do
was curl up into a ball, cover her face with both hands, peek out
through her fingers, and try not to be hit by anything flying around in
the chaos surrounding her. But her heart was beating so hard that it
hurt, and her throat had gone dry. A sound like a yelp seemed to echo
endlessly in the depths of her ears. Her perspective had gone funny, and
everything she saw happening around her seemed fake, like something out
of a movie. She almost wanted to faint, but given the current situation,
she knew that would probably only make things worse. She would only get
in the way, and might even be hit by Ken's bat.

Somehow, she had to hide behind the tree.

Using all the strength she could muster in her waist and legs, she tried
to stand up, but just then...

\emph{\textbf{PANT, PANT, PANT, PANT, PANT...}}

...Breath that smelled of blood danced in a white vapor around Ana's
face. Suddenly a vicious, pointed muzzle had appeared before her eyes.
An unbelievably long tongue, pink in color and tinged with black, rolled
and twitched between rows of fangs as sharp as knives. Eyes that
glistened with the excitement of finding prey shone too close for
comfort, and Ana felt the strength drain from her body. There was no way
she could stand.

\emph{They're...they're wolves!}

\emph{And four of them, at once!}

``\textbf{Y....YAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!}''

Finally, she couldn't hold her voice any longer. She swiftly dodged the
wolf's paws as they slashed at her, but the tip of her left braid lagged
behind and was sliced clean off by its sharp claws. The remaining half
of her long, black hair fluttered freely. Through small gaps in the
tufts of hair that now fell over her face, she could see the end of the
braid that had been cut off as it fell with a slight thud onto the snow.
Until a moment ago, it had been alive and growing, and now it was
nothing but lifeless matter. The tip of Ana's nose twitched as if she'd
caught a chill.

``Oh, what is it now?''

As soon as it had landed, the hateful wolf was back up and coming right
for her...until it took an explosive three-base hit to its muzzle. Ken
had returned, wearing a careless smile.

``This whole time I figured you were a tomboy, but it turns out you're
just a plain old sissy girl.''

She tried to reply, but her face was frozen stiff, her throat was too
tight, and she couldn't find her voice at all.

``But I guess that suits you better anyway. You \emph{are} a girl, after
all. If you want, I can try to coach you enough that you won't just trip
over yourself any time there's serious danger, at least. Well, what do
you say? ...Whoops! Look out!''

Another explosive hit. Ken's breathing was steady and he spoke so
casually, even as he swung his bat with all of his might. It was as if
he took \emph{pride} in the violence. Behind her, Lloyd fought
brilliantly as well, and gradually things became quiet. One by one, the
wolves collapsed onto the snow. Then, their legs began to twitch and
convulse, as the look of some sort of evil possession seemed to drain
from their faces. Their ears drooped, their tails curled inward, and
they despondently slunk back into the depths of the forest.

``Well, that's that.''

After shaking out his unkempt blond hair, Ken neatened it only slightly
before returning his hat to his head.

``Alright, let's go. It's this way, right?''

He took the lead and set off, humming to himself as he walked.

\emph{How irritating!}

But her legs still felt numb and she couldn't move them. She also
couldn't bring herself to say even a single word.

Ana took off her gloves, touched her fingers to the snow and closed her
hands around it. Then, still gripping the snow tightly, she touched it
to her face. It felt cold, and it felt good.

``Can you stand?''

Lloyd knelt by Ana's side and looked into her eyes.

``I'm really sorry...about your hair I mean.''

``It's nothing, really,'' Ana replied.

She took the hair tie out of her right braid and shook her head.

Her hair had been growing out for quite some time. It had finally
reached down almost to her waist. Only about four inches had been cut
off, but it wouldn't be possible to twist it all into one single braid
now, because the two halves were different lengths. All she could do was
tie it into a ponytail, but she knew it didn't suit her.

\emph{I'll just have to find a pair of scissors somewhere, and even it
out.}

\emph{My mother always kept my hair so neat and pretty...but she's gone
now. Somehow, I'll have to figure out how to cut it and make it look
nice on my own.}

\emph{But it's going to be so short now...}

She couldn't hide her sullen expression, and from the corner of her eye,
she could see Lloyd, looking very worried and curious. He had small
beads of sweat on his forehead, and his glasses had slipped down to the
tip of his nose making him look rather childish. But he spoke, as
steadily as he could.

``Are you hurt? Because we have medicine. Please don't be afraid to tell
us things like that.''

``I'm fine.''

Ana closed her eyes tightly and tried not to think about her hair.

``Thank you,'' she said. ``I think I can walk now.''

``Don't overwork yourself. Please rest if you have to.''

Lloyd was small for a boy, but Ana was surprised by how strong and
sturdy he was as he helped her to her feet.

``Oh. And please don't let it bother you,'' he added.

``Let what bother me?''

``The things Ken says,'' he replied.

For a moment he said nothing, biting his lip. Ana waited intently, until
suddenly, the words rushed from Lloyd's mouth.

``That guy, he says some pretty nasty things, but he's not bad at heart.
Since he's so into sports, he often takes his physical strength and
athletic ability for granted. On top of that he's also got asthma, and
from time to time he suffers from fits of it. Since he can still do his
best while also overcoming that sort of ailment, he thinks I'm not
trying very hard at all. And so, ever since I joined him on his journey,
he's done nothing but complain. Of course, I have caused him \emph{some}
trouble along the way. But after a short while, all the heavy-thinking
jobs became my responsibility, to a point. There were roadblocks he
never could have gotten past if it wasn't for me. So...you'd think this
would be a plus-or-minus zero situation...a perfectly balanced
relationship, wouldn't you? Well, that's the way it seemed to me, but I
still had to reassure myself of this from time to time. Because no
matter what, all he'd say to me were cruel things. But I just keep
telling myself I can't get angry, and I have to let it go, because that
fool just hasn't realized yet that 'the only true wisdom is in knowing
you know nothing', you know? ...I try really hard to always keep that in
mind, and I think that's how I've managed to continue traveling with him
this far. I think in actuality, he's happier having companions than he
would be if he were traveling alone. But of course, \emph{he} would
never say this. I'm not even sure if he even truly \emph{feels} it. In
other words, I feel like he's missing some part of his emotions. I think
that's why I'm just so happy that you're traveling with us now. One way
or another...even if the journey is difficult, and even if you can't
keep up with our pace right from the beginning, no matter how many
hardships we'll face, there's absolutely no need to worry. You may be a
girl, and you may only be a newbie in the ranks of the Global Defense
Force, but please have pride and confidence going forward. And before
long, all of us should grow a bit more into well-adjusted human beings.
...Right?''

``............''

Ana looked completely flabbergasted, and suddenly Lloyd's eyes darted
nervously and he turned bright crimson from his cheeks to the top of his
head.

``A...and that's w-why...what I mean to say is...''

``I understand,'' said Ana. ``Thank you. I think that cheered me up a
bit. I feel better, so, let's go--''

``N...no, that's not it,'' Lloyd stammered. ``I'm, I'm so sorry. T-that
was way too forward of me. Uh...I...I...I-I talk too much, don't I?''

\emph{No, it's not that.}

Ana slowly shook her head.

\emph{Ken, I've been reading your thoughts, but not your mind. I should
talk with you more. That's the only way I'll truly get to know you.}

\emph{We're also a party of only three.}

\emph{I should become better friends with them.}

Ana held out her handkerchief, and Lloyd knitted his brow, looking
puzzled.

``You're sweating,'' said Ana. ``A lot. You'll catch a cold.''

``Huh? Oh...oh no, do I smell bad? T-thank you...oh...''

Lloyd reached out for the handkerchief, but then quickly withdrew his
hand. His thick leather gloves were awfully filthy from his long
journey, and it seemed that he didn't want to dirty Ana's neatly ironed
handkerchief.

Flustered, Lloyd attempted to wipe his brow with his sleeve, but Ana
caught his arm and without saying a word, she began to use the
handkerchief on him. When she lifted his bangs, she could see that he
had a fairly handsome brow, as one might expect of such a clever boy.

``I'm...I'm really sorry...'' said Lloyd.

``It's fine.''

\emph{Am I making friends?}

Little wrinkles gathered near Ana's nose as she broke into a small
smile, and when he saw this, Lloyd responded with a stiff and awkward
smile of his own, although this expression looked about the same as when
he was on the brink of tears.

``......What is \emph{\textbf{with}} you two?''

They looked up, and suddenly Ken's freckled face was looming right
beside them, his eyes blazing with anger.

``Why are you slacking off like this?'' he snarled. ``Did you grow roots
or something? I just had to walk back a quarter mile just to find you
guys again. If you can get up, then you can walk, and if you can walk,
then you can hurry...idiots.''

Having said this, he was off, sending snow flying as he ran.

\emph{That's the way he is. All the time}, Lloyd seemed to say with his
eyes.

\emph{But, he's not bad at heart, you said?} Ana's eyes seemed to reply.

\emph{I'm sure this is just how he is.}

\emph{Oh well, I guess we better go, then.}

They reached Snowman's train station while the sun was still high in the
sky, but the schedule had been disrupted by snow, and currently the
trains were not running past a place called Spookane, the next town
over.

Upon hearing this, Ken's mood became even more foul.

While waiting in the station for the next train, he chose a seat far
away from the other two and sat there brooding about something or other
for quite some time. When the train arrived, he climbed in and found
that the car that was nice and empty, so he sprawled out across a seat
and kicked his filthy boots up onto the armrest. While chewing on a
small twig he picked up from who knows where as if it were a toothpick,
he looked out through the window.

\emph{And yet he's not truly bad at heart...supposedly}.

He seemed dejected, but despite trying her hardest to get her mind's
``radio'' to work, Ana couldn't pick up on anything. Whatever he was
thinking, she could not figure it out.

And so, quietly, she consulted Lloyd.

``Hey, why do you think he's so angry?''

``Hmm...I think he's more frustrated than angry, honestly.''

Lloyd had taken a newspaper from the overhead compartment, and answered
her from behind the financial column.

``I'd say it's because he's dead set on trying to save the world as soon
as possible, but these adults, they can't even properly run one railway.
And that \emph{is} pretty annoying.''

``Where is he trying to take us, anyway?'' she asked.

``Who knows?'' Lloyd replied. ``It's really hard to tell what that guy
is thinking. ...But for now, probably Merrysville. If we're looking to
gather supplies, that'd be the best place to go.''

``That's a big city, isn't it?''

``Yeah. You've never been there, have you?''

Ana shook her head, and the corners of Lloyd's eyes crinkled as he
smiled.

``It's not really too big of a city. But it is dirty. The truck drivers
are reckless, and everything is pretty pricey. The air quality is very
poor, so someone like Ken is at a terrible risk for asthma attacks. And
if it's just us kids walking around in the middle of the day, someone
will probably think we're playing hooky from school, and we might get
scolded for it.''

``So, are you from Merrysville, too?'' Ana asked.

``I...I am, but...''

Lloyd suddenly looked shy, and he opened and closed his mouth a few
times.

``...But it's not far from Ken's house! He was able to walk from
there.''

\emph{Ah, so these two are both city boys}, Ana thought.

Then, she asked one more very important thing that was on her mind.

``So the school you go to, it's in Merrysville, right? And from the roof
of that school, you can see mountains and sky spreading out all the way
to the horizon in every direction. And that's where you first met
Ken...isn't it?''

Lloyd's reddish-brown eyes suddenly shot wide open, and she knew she'd
nailed it. Just as she thought, those things hadn't been dreams. She had
experienced real events, but from far away.

She had already been pretty certain of this, but having the chance to
make absolutely sure of it put her mind very much at ease.

``The thing is...''

Ana wet her lips with her tongue and began to speak.

``I've been able to experience first-hand what you guys have been doing
up until now through--''

``Sorry to interrupt your \emph{quiet time}, but...''

They turned, and saw that Ken had been standing behind them, unnoticed.
He was quite intimidating, with his arms crossed over the back of the
seat, looking down at Ana.

``...Well, little miss Church Girl,'' he said. ``I've given it a lot of
thought, and I'm thinking you should definitely just go back home.''

\emph{Where did this come from all of a sudden?!}

``But I......!''

``Your old man was so worried about you. Plus, let's be honest, you're
kind of a burden.''

The twig Ken held in the corner of his mouth twitched as he talked.

``I'm not trying to be mean, but when we get to the station, you can
wait for the next train back. I'll even stay with you until the train
gets there, if you like. I'll get you a box lunch and everything.''

``Wait, Ken, please, I--''

``Disobedient girls aren't very attractive, you know,'' he scoffed.

``Just hear me out, seriously. I can explain everything. See, I've had
all these dreams about you two, and--''

``You had dreams about me saving the world?''

Ken gave a little chuckle, and poof! ...His sudden outburst sent his
twig flying, until it stuck to the wall of the train car.

``Okay, but I'm being serious, too,'' he said. ``There's something shady
about this whole Spookane thing. Just don't get yourself hurt, that's
something we can do without.''

``Do you think the city's been taken over or something?'' Lloyd asked.

Ken raised his eyebrows, shrugged his shoulders, and responded in a low
voice.

``Haven't you noticed? There's something veeery strange about the
station workers, and the conductor. Something's just not...right, about
their eyes. And their uniforms are all baggy. Even that guy who told us
we can only go as far as Spookane. He seemed all too happy that we
showed up. Do you think maybe these aren't the real station workers at
all? Do you think maybe they're some kind of awful creatures that rode
here from Spookane, replaced the real station workers, and are now
dragging us into some awful trap?''

Ana and Lloyd looked at one another, their faces turning pale.

Had the world really become \emph{that} chaotic, already?

The two of them looked up at the same time to see Ken smiling wryly.

``Well, let's just hope I'm overthinking it.''

``No trains going back? What the--?!''

It was now late at night in Spookane, and Ken's angry cries resounded
shrilly through the station. Ana found it to be a little pathetic that
even at his most aggressive, his pitch was still somewhere in the
soprano range.

``There was an avalanche a little while ago,'' replied the man in the
train station. ``Everything should be back up and running within two or
three days.''

``Why's it gonna take so long?''

``A few reasons, one being that we're short-staffed,'' the man replied.
``There's nothing we can do.''

``Damn it!''

``Hey wait, your ticket is--''

``Yup. I cheated the fare,'' Ken replied, bluntly.

``...You damned...brat...I'd like to see your parents' faces when--''

Ken glared at the grumbling station worker, then balled his fist and
went to join the other two. Ana and Lloyd passed through the ticket gate
ahead of him, and were met by the night breeze.

``Damn it,'' Ken growled. ``This sucks. None of the trains are running.
I don't know what we're gonna do while we're stuck in a town like
this.''

``It's okay, don't lose your temper,'' said Lloyd, reaching out to
comfort him. But Ken shook him off. He seemed incredibly upset.

``He's a liar,'' he said. ``It's a lie. It has to be. There's not even
the kind of cliff avalanches happen on anywhere \emph{near} here.
They're all spies...alien spies!''

``Well then, is that something you should be saying so loudly?'' Ana
replied.

He glared furiously at her, but she didn't back down.

``Look. I know you're not happy about all this. And I'm really sorry for
it all. But I want to work with the two of you, together. It would be
scary if you were left to deal with any of these spies alone.''

``I know that!'' Ken spat.

``Then stop yelling and start listening!''

Ana covered her ears and gave a little sigh.

\emph{I didn't want to come with you either. But even if we don't like
each other, we were meant to do this together. I know that God has led
me here. This is the only way.}

\emph{...And doing nothing but complain about every little thing isn't
very manly of you.}

``Well, anyway, I think we should find an inn, for now,'' said Lloyd.
"We're out of the snow here, but it's still pretty cold. And I predict
it will only get colder before dawn. Since Miss Ana is with us now, and
this place could be crawling with enemies, I'm not so sure about camping
out tonight. We also don't want to over-exert ourselves. Do we have room
in the budget for a little luxury tonight?''

``Ah. Smart thinking...as always,'' replied Ken. ``We can do that. I
want to find a pay phone anyway. I should probably call my dad soon.''

\emph{Aha! Well now.}

\emph{He has to call his papa? He must be homesick. That's so cute!} Ana
thought, and she accidentally let out a small giggle.

Ken immediately glared daggers at her, while a vein in his forehead
twitched.

``It's not like that!'' he cried. ``It's not like that at all!!''

``...Not like what?''

``It's just...you've got it all wrong. This is different. My dad works
for the NBS International News Network. He's been meeting with all the
real bigwigs in the government for a while now. If they were to let any
really nasty information get out, the whole country would panic. Plus,
worst case scenario, the media could also be hijacked at any time. My
dad's right there on the front lines. So the only way to get any
\emph{real} information about what's going on in the world is through
him.''

``...I see...''

\emph{So father and son are both ``broadcasters'', then.}

She found this slightly amusing, but there was some sort of ache in her
heart.

\emph{If Ken's papa is working with all those government ``bigwigs'',
then he must be one of the most important broadcasters out there. Even
if there's no such thing as ``rank'' in that kind of profession, it's
still pretty amazing that he's among the elites of mass media. Ken has
probably lived a completely different kind of life than someone from a
poor pastor's family, living in a church ready to collapse at any
minute.}

\emph{If you really think about it, with your golden hair and your blue
eyes and your baseball skills, sure, you're pretty rude and insensitive,
but the truth is, Ken, you're a pretty lucky kid.}

\emph{Considering all that, asthma seems like such a minor weakness to
have.}

Such mean-spirited thoughts didn't seem to ease that ache in her heart
at all.

``That's why I call him from time to time,'' Ken went on. ``Who knows
how long the phone lines will stay up and running. But my dad's always
got the latest news and information. And that's all it is. So you can
stop being all weird and suspicious about it. ...Well! Now you
understand, so everything's good, so let's go, \emph{let's go}!''

\emph{Ugh. I wish \textbf{you} would understand that you don't always
have to yell at everyone.}

\emph{Well, whatever}, she thought, and Ana shrugged apathetically. But
gentle Lloyd, who seemed to sense Ana's strange mood, came up beside
her.

``Are you tired?'' he asked. ``Do you need me to carry anything for
you?''

``No, I'm fine.''

\emph{Lloyd really is quite the gentleman.}

``You're already carrying so much,'' said Ana. ``I made sure to bring
only as much as I could carry on my own. You don't have to spoil me so
much.''

``I see,'' said Lloyd.

``And speaking of which...what's your home like, Lloyd? Your papa, what
does he do?''

The instant she asked this, she regretted it. With a small sigh, Lloyd's
face, still so delicate and epicene, was suddenly darkened by shadows of
maturity.

``They got...divorced...my parents,'' he replied.

``.........''

``Haha, please don't look at me like that,'' he went on. ``It's a common
enough story.''

But Ana already knew.

\emph{Lloyd's mama has been bedridden by some terrible sickness. Lloyd's
papa must have abandoned her, because of her pitiful state. What a cruel
man he must be.}

...\emph{Does he remind me of someone?}

Ana stayed silent for a while, so Lloyd scratched his head lightly and
went on.

``Dad's an electrical engineer. It's a different kind of work from what
Ken's dad does, but he's among the best in his field. Because of that,
he was always so busy, and my mom was very unhappy. But to me, he was
the best dad ever. When I was still very young, he always bought me so
many kinds of computers -- Apple, Atari, Nintendo, and more. When I got
bored of the games, I became more interested in taking them apart and
messing with the programming, and so he gave me all sorts of kits to
help with that. I could take as much of the slightly outdated hardware
as I wanted from the place where he worked, so after my parents broke
up, that was the only connection we still had. In our house in
Merrysville, my room was filled from the floor to the walls with nothing
but computers. If you ran them all together, their memory and processing
power could beat any supercomputer out there.''

``Ah, and so you learned a lot about technology, too,'' said Ana.

She was about to add, ``That's great!'', but for some reason, Lloyd's
expression had become even more gloomy.

Ana was flustered, and she tried to go on.

``I'm jealous. I don't know how to use a computer at all. You had access
to an advanced education from a young age. You were lucky! Someday,
you'll have a good job, won't you?''

``But it was all for nothing!''

Lloyd clenched his fist hard, and he shut his eyes tight behind his
glasses.

``Humans aren't machines. I can't fix them like I can fix a computer.
Ohh...if I had only studied medicine instead...or even biology. Sure,
I'm lucky that my IQ isn't low, but...''

Lloyd's voice trembled, and it looked like he was fighting the urge to
cry. Ana wondered if there was more he really wanted to say, more
details he wanted to add, but it seemed that he wouldn't be able to hold
himself together if he said anything more.

\emph{...This is about his mother...isn't it?}

When she realized this, Ana held her tongue.

\emph{Lloyd respects his father. And, he's probably a lot like his
father, too. But, because of this, he may also feel a slight sense of
rivalry between them.}

\emph{Because his father was so busy, it seems like he wasn't very good
at meeting the needs of others, and I wonder if Lloyd feels he must make
up for that himself. It might even be that he's afraid of ending up
exactly like his father. And maybe that's why he goes so overboard with
his respect for women. He barely knows me, and still his behavior is so
polite, so gentlemanly.}

\emph{And of course, he loves his mother above all else.}

\emph{It's the famous Oedipus Complex.}

\emph{You want to give your mother what your father never could. You
want to find that Kannon flower that would cure her illness. And you
would surely risk your own life for it...wouldn't you?}

She looked at him curiously from the corner of her eye, and saw that
Lloyd's gaze was locked onto Ken's back as he walked, so far ahead of
the two of them. Lloyd's eyes were red, his cheeks had gone pale, his
gait was unsteady, and only his head was held up straight as he glared
so intensely.

\emph{He stares at Ken, his treasured companion who has been his one and
only friend for so long, in a way that seems so unforgiving, somehow. Is
it a competitive spirit, or something like rivalry? He seems so
hateful...so frustrated.}

``We're a lot alike, you and me,'' said Ana.

She gently slipped her fingers into his hand, and Lloyd's tension melted
away, replaced by a slight shiver.

``Ken is amazing. He made a conscious choice to leave home and save the
whole world. But you and I are different. We might say we chose to do
this for the same reason, but our true motive for coming along was to
save our mothers. Right? We're pathetic, aren't we?''

Lloyd tried to pull his hand away, but Ana only held it tighter.

``But it's fine either way, isn't it? So we walk seven thousand miles to
help our mothers, and if we end up saving the world in the process,
that's pretty stylish, don't you think?''

``......Ana......''

Lloyd's grip suddenly tightened, and Ana couldn't help but wince.

``Oh! I'm so sorry, did I hurt you?'' Lloyd asked, flustered.

``Yeah...just a little.''

``I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!''

``It's nothing to be sorry for,'' Ana replied. ``It's something to be
proud of.''

``...Proud?''

``Of course.''

Ana nodded so intently that her ponytail bounced.

``See, Lloyd...When you were back in your hometown, it sounds like you
were just that typical kind of genius kid in glasses. But now you're a
full-fledged warrior. It takes real effort to be this strong.''

She held out her reddened hand to show it to him. For a moment Lloyd was
totally silent, as his eyes glanced over her face, her hand, her left
eye and her right eye, slowly, and each in turn. And then he took hold
of Ana's outstretched hand, suddenly pulled it close, and pressed it to
his lips.

It was a somewhat cold, somewhat warm, terribly brief...kiss.

``Thank you,'' he said.

\emph{W...whoa.} Ana shook her head as her heart pounded intensely. It
had happened so unexpectedly...and now Lloyd, who she had thought of
only as a friend, seemed so mature as he looked back at her. It was
quite a shock.

``I'm so happy,'' Lloyd went on. ``I don't know why, but I'm just so
happy. Suddenly I feel like I have so much courage. If we're warriors,
then you must be the goddess of battle...no, you'd be a warrior too, a
female warrior, don't you think? Ana, I swear to you...I will do
everything in my power to keep you safe. Even if it costs me my life,
I'll show you I can protect you. So, no matter what that thoughtless Ken
says, please stay with us, always.''

``Well, hold on.''

Ana did her best to hide any signs of her heart's throbbing with an
impish smile.

``This is a great honor, and I'm very happy, and very grateful. But
please, don't say things like that -- they sound like confessions of
love. Until you bring that Kannon flower to your mother, you'll do
anything to survive, even if it means stepping right over me...isn't
that right?''

``...The Kannon...''?

Lloyd's jaw dropped.

How do you know about that?'' he cried. ``I...I still haven't told you
anything about that.''

``Well, the truth is. I--''

``\textbf{YOOUU TWOOO...}''

\emph{Oh, here we go again.}

Right when she was about to explain her own special powers, there was
Ken, glaring down at her furiously with his back hunched over like a
boiled shrimp. So once again, now would not be the right time for her
confession. Maybe it was terrible to admit it even to herself, but she
finally realized that, subconsciously, she had slowed down her pace and
steadily put distance between herself and Ken quite purposefully.

``How could you possibly think that \textbf{now} is a good time to be
flirting with each other?'' Ken went on. ``\,'The hell is wrong with
you? Has no one ever taught you that there's a time and place for
everything? Some of us are alert and on edge, frantically and
desperately seeking shelter for the night. But here \emph{you two}
are--''

``No, you've got it wrong, Ken--''

``Lloyd's right, we weren't doing anyth--''

``Yeeaah, yeeaah, shut up,'' Ken snapped. ``I don't wanna hear your
excuses. It's fiiine, it's fiiine, leave all the hard stuff to me, and
you two just stand here and make out with each other. Go on, don't be
shy. It's alright.''

There was a glint in Ken's glaring eyes as his tensed shoulders suddenly
drooped.

``But if a big bad enemy, or, say, a big bad \emph{swarm} of enemies
shows up, I'm hoping you'll at least lend me your sincerest cooperation.
...If I may \emph{humbly} ask that of you two.''

``Big bad...swarm? What do you mea--\emph{\textbf{AACK!}}''

The streetlights were dark, so she hadn't understood. But it became
clear now, as the three children, or, the three Warriors, found
themselves surrounded by countless red, glowing eyes. On unsteady,
wavering legs, in an ever-shrinking circle around them were what
appeared to be all of the adults in town. There was an old man in
overalls, and an older lady holding a shopping bag. There was a young
man who looked like he'd just warped there straight from the age of the
Hippies. And there were so many, many more...and all of them looked like
average people you'd find in any old town, but they were walking as if
they had no minds of their own, and were slowly but steadily closing in
on the three of them.

``What's going on?'' Lloyd cried. ``Why the heck are they acting like
this?!''

Suddenly, he grabbed both of Ken's arms and pinned them behind his back.

``Hey...what did you say to these people that made them so angry?
Depending on who you're talking to, discussing things like ketchup on a
hot dog, eating pizza with a fork, or the proper way to barbecue can be
taken as offensive. Did you bring up something like that by accident?''

``What?'' cried Ken. ``I didn't do anything like that! Let go of me, I
was only trying to ask them where we could find a hotel.''

``For real?''

``For real, now let go!''

Ken broke free of Lloyd's grip and immediately poised himself with his
golden bat in a low Kendo stance, which he had learned from Star Wars.

``Listen,'' he muttered to the other two. ``...These guys were all
grumbling something about '\emph{A haunted house, the haunted
house!'}...something like that. ...It seemed like there might be one
around here, maybe. And so, I tried to get a better listen. I think they
were saying you can hear the sound of a piano ringing out from a house
that is supposed to be completely abandoned.''

``A piano. Of course!''

Lloyd looked up at him and Ken nodded. Ana had absolutely no idea what
that meant.

``Right,'' Ken replied. ``And so, since I wanted to hear them a little
better, I tried to get a little closer. Then, out of nowhere, they came
at me with things like, ``Who are you?'', and ``Where do you go to
school?'' ...They were really grilling me. ``Why are you out walking so
late, won't your mother and father be worried?'' ...And so I...''

``So you...?''

``...What did you do?''

``I just said, \emph{'It's none of your damn business!'''} Ken replied
bluntly.

Ana covered her eyes. If you're trying to make adults angry at you,
words like those are the best way to do it. He wasn't very bright, his
methods were terrible, and he was genuinely just a bad kid. This would
be unfortunate in any case, but it felt like these were especially
terrible traits for the leader of the Global Defense Force to have.

\emph{How could so many lives be depending on someone like this kid?}

\textbf{``Playing around at night is the first step towards
delinquency!''}

Suddenly, the old man in overalls launched his attack. Ken and Lloyd,
who were used to all the kinds of things that you'd hear on the city
streets, weren't affected much at all, but Ana was raised in a church,
and when suddenly the word \textbf{``delinquency''} plunged itself into
her eardrums, she instantly lost about a third of her Hit Points, and in
a panic, she covered both of her ears tightly.

\textbf{``Do not turn a blind eye to the children of others. They are
all your own children, the children of the world, the precious children
of this green earth...''}

The older lady with the shopping bag was using a pamphlet from the
Cultural Center as a megaphone and was yelling into it in an aggressive
voice.

``Gghhaahh!''

Something seemed to hit its mark. Lloyd suddenly became very itchy and
started squirming.

\textbf{``Having such lurid affairs when you're still so young is
indecent. You're making your mother cry!''}

The young Hippie started wailing along with the nostalgic electric
guitar background music.

``Weirdo. Your mom must have been crying all the damn time then, huh?''
Ken yelled in reply, and the man stopped short.

``Now. Give 'em the usual!'' Ken called out to Lloyd, as he menaced the
rest of the swarm with various Kendo stances. But unfortunately, Lloyd
was too busy whirling in circles and itching himself all over. He kept
trying to take the backpack off his shoulders, but over and over again
he'd be struck by a wave of terrible itchiness and start writhing in
agony, so his attempts weren't going very well. Ken wanted to help, but
both of his hands were busy at the moment. Ana uncovered her ears and
rushed to the backpack. Meanwhile, the second stage of the attack had
begun.

\textbf{``Ruffians, ruffians, ruffians!''}

\textbf{``A child's duty is to study!''}

\textbf{``Children should }\emph{\textbf{always}}\textbf{ be studying.
Study. Study. }\emph{\textbf{Study!}}\textbf{''}

It was a disaster. An octopus had appeared at Ken's ears, and with its
eight wriggling tentacles, it was attempting to strangle him. Piping hot
balls of grilled octopus meat had apparently begun raining down in
torrents over Ana and the fallen Lloyd. As it stood, the whole team was
doomed. Defeat was inevitable.

``Ken -- what's 'the usual'?''

Shaking off bits of dried seaweed and pickled ginger, Ana had somehow
managed to unbuckle the backpack and call out to Ken.

``It's a spray!'' Ken called back. ``Do you see anything in there that
has 'Strong Mocha Spray' written on it? Man, I hope we didn't use it all
up.''

``Huh? Spray like, from a can? You shouldn't be using anything that has
CFCs in it, you know. ....Ah, oh, no, this isn't it. I think this is
just Evian. Wooow, Lloyd sure has a good skin care routine, huh? Waaah,
that's not it either. You guys really need to organize this bag.
Ah...this is so annoying...but...that looks like it might be... ...Got
it!!''

``Yesss, now spray them!'' Ken cried.

\emph{\textbf{Shhhpritzz!!}}

As Ana squeezed the nozzle, a fog enveloped them, and the effect was
incredible. In the blink of an eye, both the octopus and the balls of
octopus meat disappeared. The old man, the older lady, the young man,
and all the rest came to their senses at once, blinking their eyes
rapidly. And then, as though they all suddenly remembered something they
had to do at the exact same time, they hastily took their leave.

``W\emph{ah kine ow bensin id dad? }(What kind of medicine is that?)''
Ana nervously murmured to Ken, as she pinched her nose closed in an
attempt to block out any of the lingering fog.

Ken gave her a relieved smile while finally lowering his bat.

``It's okay, it's not poison,'' he said. ``I think since we're young and
strong, it doesn't really have any effect on us when we breathe it in.''

``...?''

"For those guys, it works kinda like an alarm clock,'' he continued.
``Even if they're still going after a whole night without sleep, it
still perks them right up. Makes even the most sluggish brains sharp and
clear. They wouldn't be able to fall asleep for up to three hours after
a good dose of it even if they wrapped themselves up all snug and cozy
in a goose down comforter. Programmers trying to meet their deadlines,
an author trying to finish her novel...apparently adults use this stuff
all the time when they're tired. Lloyd, he knows a good deal about it.''

``So you mean...(\emph{cough, cough)}...we just woke all those people
up, basically?''

Even if he assured her it wasn't poison, the fog still stung her throat
a little.

``Yup,'' Ken replied. ``These guys, they're all under some kind of mass
hypnosis. But at least they're all still human...I had a terrible time
at a zoo once. Hypnotized gorillas and emperor penguins are a hundred
times worse...sheesh. Well, whatever. I guess we should deal with our
Little Genius, then.''

Ken knelt down beside Lloyd, who had fainted from overly scratching
himself, and he held out his hand just above his forehead. Ana nearly
gasped, as suddenly Ken's palm glowed faintly, and Lloyd's body
twitched.

\emph{...Psycho-Healing...!}

That was a skill Ana knew well, too. Truthfully, this was a beginner's
skill, and if this was an example of his "mysterious powers", it was
clear that Ana was more skilled, more powerful, and almost limitless in
comparison.

But...Ana didn't say anything. She felt that she wanted to watch a
little longer, as Ken's profile, which looked so serious now, was bathed
in that green light. That usual rough and vulgar expression was entirely
gone. His face now had a holiness to it, something devout. A quiet
tranquility reserved only for those granted the ability to work
miracles.

Slowly and in a way that felt very familiar, Ken's palm, glowing with
that green light, traced over Lloyd's entire body. All the way up and
all the way down...down and then back up. Like a gentle caress, from
only a few inches above. Ana wouldn't have had to do this so slowly and
carefully. She could do it from a great distance, as long as she could
still see the person, and with just a little, ``Yah!'', she could have
them cured in less than a wink.

But...

Ana didn't want to interfere.

Sure enough, Ken had these powers too. That was kind of exciting, wasn't
it? Because even if he hadn't been aware of it, he had still used those
powers to call to her...to seek her out. No matter how many cruel words
came out of his mouth, they could never cancel out the calls that came
from his soul.

This cheered her a bit. She felt suddenly filled with self-confidence.

\emph{In that case, I'll just have to put up with him}, she thought.

\emph{But...Ken, why \textbf{are} you always in such a bad mood,
anyway?}

\emph{I'm better at this than you are, but if I did something like butt
in from the sidelines, you'd probably just yell at me until my ears
started ringing again.}

\emph{Well, being griped at isn't all that bad. I'm used to that by now,
so if Ken suddenly became kind and obedient, that would just be weird,
and I'd have to wonder if something was wrong with him.} He was
definitely moody, and he complained a lot, but somehow, Ana found
herself thinking that wasn't such a bad thing after all...and this made
her feel funny.

\emph{And what about Lloyd? How pitiful... ``I'll always protect
you''...something like that...that's what you just said. But it looks
like I was a bit more useful in that fight just now than you were.
...Now what?}

Ana let out a little chuckle in spite of herself.

``...Unnhhh...''

And speaking of Lloyd, he seemed to be coming to.

Ken breathed a sigh of relief and stood up. That saintly look was gone,
and the mischievous brat had returned. He lifted the still
half-conscious Lloyd by the nape of his neck like a cat, and he shook
him harshly.

``Hey, let's go. Pull yourself together.''

``Ah....huh? Ah...oh...I'm sorry...'' Lloyd mumbled.

``Hey. Can you walk? ...Start walking.''

And that was that.

Ana softly shook her head, and she watched the two boys as they steadily
walked on ahead of her.

There was still one more person who needed healing. She was still shaky
and exhausted. But it seemed as though he didn't even notice.
Apparently, as long as she wasn't hurt so badly that she couldn't move,
and hadn't completely fainted, he didn't seem to feel it was worth the
trouble. It seemed he felt that if a person was able to speak, then
naturally they would announce that they were in pain if they were in
pain.

To the very end, he was apparently a boy of very shallow thought. But a
girl's heart is a complicated thing. A thing that one may never
understand, even after a whole lifetime.

\emph{It's alright...it's alright.}

Taking advantage of the fact that Ken wasn't going to look back, Ana
suddenly focused her thoughts and healed herself instantly. She noticed
that there was still a slight ache in her chest, but if she didn't pull
herself together, they were going to leave her behind.

Just like when she had done running long jumps in school, she gave a
tiny, spirited hop like she would at the starting line, and then she
began sprinting. As soon as there was no snow on the ground, those boys
sure moved fast.

\textbf{Chapter 3 - The Haunted House}

\textbf{PRIVATE PROPERTY}

\textbf{DANGER AHEAD, KEEP OUT}

\textbf{IT'S SUPERNATURAL!}

\textbf{TRULY IMPRESSIVE!}

You've never known horrors like these.

\textbf{HAUNTED HOUSE}

(Allies of justice welcome, currently seeking recruits)

\textbf{FOR SALE BY OWNER - OLD-WORLD VACATION HOME}

\textbf{NOW SHOWING}

-Beautiful fully furnished interior

-Gorgeous property

-Office or storefront possible

Please call Maximilian D. Rosewater

Tel: 09-666-13-4242

Beyond these three signs, in a thicket overgrown with roses and ivy,
there was a well-hidden, ancient-looking house that fit all of these
descriptions perfectly. The night itself also enhanced the mood, with
its dimly-lit moon behind gathering clouds, a strangely weak-spirited
breeze, and a cold dampness that clung to one's skin. The sound of a
woman's piercing scream, or the sudden appearance of a vampire or
werewolf would not feel at all out of place in an atmosphere like this.

And those signs weren't helping.

``Which one's the damn truth?'' Ken muttered to himself.

``I guess...all of them could be true......or maybe they're all just
gags,'' Lloyd replied.

``Maybe we should try calling this Mr. Rosewater?'' Ana suggested. ``If
all goes well he might even offer us a place to stay for the night.
Wouldn't that be convenient?''

Her words were accented by a yawn, and the boys looked back at her with
disgust. They both seemed to have \emph{``of course a \textbf{girl}
would say that"} written plainly on their faces. Flustered, Ana went on.

``Oh come on. You guys got to take whole naps back at my house. I got up
before sunrise, and I've been awake ever since. I'm so tired I can
barely keep my eyes open. Why are you in such a hurry to get into a
haunted house, anyway? Why did you \emph{have} to come here all of a
sudden? If you want to take a little detour, you're welcome to put on
your brave faces and test your skills right now, or whatever it is
you're trying to do, but I'm sorry, I'm dropping out of this one. And
that's that. But you're being foolish. I'd rather go back and get a good
night's sleep.''

``...This selfish...brat...'' spat Ken, bitterly.

Lloyd put a hand on his shoulder in an attempt to comfort him, but Ken
turned away. They huddled their faces together and seemed to be having a
man-to-man discussion for a short while, but it looked as though they
weren't coming to an agreement. At any rate, they seemed so quick to
leave her out of it. It looked like it was about to be two against one.

Ana pouted with a huff, and Lloyd, with his great care for others, came
over and patted her arm in an attempt to comfort her, too.

``I'm really sorry we didn't explain it earlier,'' he said. ``About the
piano, I mean.''

``The piano...the one you can hear playing when no one is there?''

``That's right,'' Lloyd replied. ``Without an explanation, of course you
wouldn't understand why we're suddenly going to great pains to get into
a ghost house. But, if that piano is playing a song, it may turn out to
be one of the melodies we've been looking for, and then, no matter how
hard it is, we have to go there, and we absolutely \emph{have} to listen
to it. That's the goal of our seemingly random and haphazard journey.''

Ana's cheeks drooped almost instantly.

Come to think of it, that's right -- Ana knew that they had set out with
the intention of saving the world from a crisis, sure, but they had
never told her \emph{how} they planned on doing that. She hadn't even
really thought about it.

She had figured there was just some really strong bad guy out there, and
that all it would take was for Ken to \emph{whack, whack, }WHACK! him
into submission with that golden bat of his. But now that she thought
about it, if that was all it would take, then the adults wouldn't be
having this much difficulty handling the situation, now, would they?

``...Tell me about it, from the beginning,'' Ana said, in a calm and
quiet voice. ``I thought I knew everything, but clearly I was wrong. In
order to prepare myself better, I want to know about all of it. Please
tell me.''

Lloyd nodded. Then he grabbed Ken, who was still looking in the other
direction, pulled him in front of Ana, and whispered something into his
ear. Shaking out his shoulders and then standing up tall like a statue
of some imposing deity, Ken began to speak, in his gruff and broken way,
about himself, about the world, and about everything they'd been through
up until this point. (Author's note: Ken tends to use rather abrasive
language, and he often rambles on quite a bit, so I have written up a
basic summary here for you.)

One day, Ken woke up just the same as always, but this morning the whole
house seemed to be filled with some sort of evil presence. Inanimate
objects were running amok, as if controlled by dark spirits, and were
threatening his mother and his little twin sisters. Using strength and
skills he had honed playing baseball through the years, he was able to
restore order to the household, but he still didn't know what was going
on. He picked up the phone and contacted his father, who had been away
on a terribly long business trip, using a number he'd been told to dial
only if something went wrong. And this was the first time his father
told him the facts about the situation based on everything that he knew.

He told Ken that the world was on the verge of some sort of catastrophe,
that mysterious aliens had stealthily begun an invasion, that strange
things were occurring all over the world, and that he wouldn't be able
to come home for a long while, because he would have to be totally
immersed in his work.

``The truth is this, Ken. Our household in particular has some strange
connection to these aliens. I think you know the story of your
great-grandmother Maria's disappearance. Your great-grandfather George
vanished along with her, but somehow, he eventually returned, and spent
the entire rest of his life studying PSI. You're a lot like your
great-grandpa, Ken. You should go into the cellar. Search through the
things your great-grandpa left behind.''

Ken was so surprised by it all that he couldn't say a word, so after an
awkward pause, his father went on with the explanation.

``I also believe that you have it, this power which we only know as
'PSI'. You probably don't remember, but when you were a baby, you
communicated with wild animals, and you were able to instantly heal any
small scratches you got while you were playing. But it seems that as
soon as you were taught to write the alphabet with your right hand
instead of your left, that power disappeared. ......The truth is, your
great-grandpa was almost totally illiterate, and on top of that, he was
left-handed. He was so fully left-handed that he couldn't even wipe his
own ass with his right hand.''

Ken went down into the cellar and found his great-grandfather's diary,
which contained writing that looked a lot like hieroglyphics. It was the
very same diary as the one his father said that he couldn't understand
at all, but for some reason, Ken could read it quite easily. What was
concealed here were the secret words that would allow someone to find
the mystical kingdom of Magicant......!

``......What? Wait a minute.''

Ken paused to breathe, and Ana interjected.

``What is Magicant? I thought this was all supposed to be sci-fi. Why
did it suddenly go all 'fantasy'?''

``Isn't fantasy a part of sci-fi?'' Ken mumbled sleepily.

``No, no. sci-fi is a form of fantasy,'' Lloyd argued. ``\emph{All}
stories can be considered fantasy. But in a narrower sense, I'm positive
that fantasy, as a genre, refers to stories of 'swords and magic', which
is often discussed as being within the \emph{framework} of sci-fi,
but--''

``\emph{A-hem.} I'm sure you're right. But if you'll excuse me. I think
that's enough literary discussion for now. So...may I continue?''

--Even knowing the secret words, the journey to Magicant was not easy.
Through fighting all sorts of enemies, and resolving all sorts of
troubles, little by little Ken regained the powers he'd had as a young
child, and they became stronger. Along the way, he saw firsthand how the
order of the whole world was being thrown into chaos. Then finally,
after great pains, he made it to Magicant. And there, waiting for him,
was a magical ruler named Queen Mary.

This queen was said to wake in mid-day and go to sleep very late at
night, and was supposed to have tremendous powers. But somehow, she had
lost the means to combat the mysterious invasion currently making its
way across the earthly world and into the magical realm. This was
apparently connected to the fact that no matter how hard she tried, she
couldn't remember some old song. It was said that this song had been
broken into pieces, and that those melody fragments had been scattered
all across the world. If they were all brought back together, she would
be able to remember the whole song once again, and then the full powers
of this queen, the mother of the entire earth, would be restored. Then,
without fail, the fatal blow could be dealt to these invaders.

And so, Ken had set out on his search. A journey to gather up the pieces
of the forgotten song, and to bring them back to the queen. And as he
set out once more, his horizons were broadening, with the recruitment of
Lloyd and now meeting Ana, too. So far he had gathered three melodies --
three bars of the song. One came from a music box in Ken's house, after
he had exorcized it, one came from Miss Laura of the Canary Village, and
one came from a singing monkey at the zoo. He was in search of seven
bars, which would become a full composition when added to the first
part, which the queen still remembered. Once they collected all eight
bars of the song, they would be able to save the world...

Lloyd played the parts of the song that they had gathered so far on an
ocarina. It was very short and incomplete, and it could hardly be called
a ``song'' at all, but the tune was still melancholy and somehow seemed
to stir feelings of nostalgia.

``...So that's how it is.''

Ana breathed a deep sigh.

For a modern child, Ana had a very old-fashioned skepticism of all
things science fiction and of the use of magic, but right here and now,
the imminent destruction of the world was playing itself out before her
very eyes. Whether she accepted it or not, and whether she believed it
or not.

If it was all as he said it was, then there could most certainly be a
piano out there that was playing all by itself.

Ana also considered herself to be relatively good with music. The fact
that they were relying on only their memories to preserve these precious
melodies made her nervous. The fact that he took the effort to play it
on an ocarina, and didn't simply hum the song, made her suspicious.

What if these boys were tone-deaf, or didn't know how to write music out
on a sheet? What if, in the worst-case scenario, they ended up hearing
the song incorrectly? What if this melody that they tried so hard to
remember ended up being out of tune, and it broke the heart of this
queen of some magical kingdom? But Ana would never forget the song,
because she was quite adept at reading a musical staff, could perfectly
follow notes and chords thanks to playing the organ, and she was also
able to sing in an accurate and very pretty soprano voice. After all,
she had been rehearsing with their church choir for as long as she could
remember.

\emph{Maybe this is why I've been called to do this.}

...Was it arrogant of her to assume that?

Ana brushed this thought aside, and said cheerily,

``I understand now. So, let's go! Haunted house, here we come!''

And with that, she immediately started walking, and set out ahead of the
others.

``Wait a minute.''

Again. Ken interrupted \emph{again}. Every time Ana was about to do
something important, this would happen. \emph{I'm sure he's going to
say, '\textbf{I'm} the leader, so I walk in front!', or something like
that, or complain about some other trivial thing.}

She turned slowly, glaring up at him, and was surprised to see that
Ken's eyes were half closed, and he was slouching terribly. His
shoulders, his back...every part of him seemed drained of all strength.

``What's wrong?'' she asked.

``...Sorry,'' he replied. ``You were right, we should put this off for
now.''

\emph{...Oh \textbf{now} you decide this, after I've already set my mind
to it?! }Ana thought.

``I'm starving. I can't fight like this,'' he admitted.

And as soon as he did, Ana's stomach growled fiercely, too.

``\emph{Ohh-ho ho ho ho!} A young appetite is a thing of joy. Well now,
go on, go ahead, don't be shy, don't hold back. The lot of you must be
going through growth spurts, \emph{hoo-ho ho ho ho!''}

Having their meal under the careful watch of Mr. Rosewater, an older man
wearing a blouse full of fluttering frills and who covered his mouth as
he laughed with a hand decorated with rings on each finger, made them
feel a bit uneasy, but...they were so very hungry. The three of them
were in such a daze that they even wolfed down foods they normally hated
tremendously and would avoid (bell peppers for Ken, anchovies for Lloyd,
and anything with too strong of a flavor in general for Ana...things
like that).

When they were finished eating, Mr. Rosewater's only daughter,
Evangeline, came in carrying a silver tray of coffee with plenty of
milk.

``Well now, say hello to our guests.''

As her father addressed her, her porcelain-white cheeks turned red, and
she cast her eyes downward. She seemed like such a terribly shy child.

Her clothes were of a foreign style, probably suiting her father's
tastes, and they made her look just like a princess from a fairy tale.
Her dress was remarkably elegant from sleeve to hem. And it suited her,
as she was a very rare type of girl.

Her flaxen hair was rolled into tight, long curls, and her eyes were a
marvelous shade of violet like quartz crystals. From beneath shadows
cast by long eyelashes, those violet eyes were gently and very softly
looking over at a certain someone who had filled his belly and was now
lounging on his back huffing and puffing. But Ana was not the only one
who noticed this.

``A-hemm?''

Mr. Rosewater lifted an eyebrow. With eyes that feigned indifference, he
looked from his daughter to Ken, and from Ken back to his daughter
several times, then he twisted his mustache and grinned smugly. For some
reason, Ana suddenly felt uncomfortable, and her heart began to race.

``Well then, everyone--''

Mr. Rosewater began to speak in a pretentious tone, and as he did, Ana
felt some sort of uneasy premonition, as if she didn't want to hear what
he was going to say next, but there wasn't much she could do about it.

``I would like to discuss one matter concerning your proposal. As I'm
assuming you already know, my manor has been taken over by spirits, and
this has been quite a baffling ordeal for us. Winning the manor back
safely from the spirits, and being able to use our beautiful summer home
again is what I wish for from the very bottom of my heart. When such a
commendable group as you three arrives, willing to hear out and attempt
to grant such a terribly serious request, I wish I had nothing to say
against it. However--''

There was a significant pause, during which Mr. Rosewater looked at each
of the three of them in turn, until finally he locked eyes with Ken.
Ken, who had been leaning back in his chair, reflexively fixed his
posture, and he blinked repeatedly, as if his eyes had been dazzled by a
bright light.

``The truth is this. That manor was meant to eventually be bestowed upon
Evangeline, here. Until that special someday, when she marries her
special someone, that house must remain pure, righteous, and beautiful.
Honestly, no man other than I, her father, has been allowed on that land
-- only the most innocent children and women have been given permission
to enter. When I laid the manor's foundation, I made this vow to my
great ancestors and I will stand by it, to make my wish, which is for my
daughter to be granted purity and happiness, come true.''

``\emph{\textbf{BUUURP!}}''

Ken's lack of manners was absolutely staggering. Everyone in the room
fell dead silent, and the first one to collect himself again was Mr.
Rosewater. He took out an embroidered lace handkerchief and dabbed at
his brow and his cheeks, and then, continuing to feign indifference, he
went on.

``Of course, of course, I do understand. It is absurd to speak of things
like the 'purity', and so on, of a place that has been inhabited by
ghosts and ghouls for so long now. But, I suppose that's what you would
call a father's foolish whims. While I know it is selfish, it is my
sincerest desire that no males, except those related to my daughter by
blood, are present on that land during the moment in which the light of
righteousness is restored to it. May I humbly ask for your understanding
in this matter?''

``Oh so then, in short, you \emph{don't} want us to get rid of the
monsters for you, is that right?'', said Lloyd.

``We may accidentally do away with some of the ones that get in our way,
but as long as we don't take out the whole infestation at the roots or
anything, then it won't be a problem, right? Then we wouldn't have to
worry about 'males who aren't related to your daughter', or anything
like that. The only thing we want to do is hear a bit of music being
played by a piano, anyway.''

Lloyd spoke in his usual tone, and with a casual expression, but he was
being as sarcastic as he could possibly be. On top of that, he said this
straight to an adult who appeared to be very wealthy, and also to one
who had just provided him with a very generous feast. He was asserting
himself quite wonderfully.

\emph{These city kids sure have guts}, Ana thought.

``But we do understand,'' Lloyd continued. ``We promise to be
\emph{very} careful, and we will do our very best not to hurt the little
ghosties, so please, just lend us that key.''

But it seemed Mr. Rosewater wasn't giving in to his old age just yet.

``\emph{Hoo-ho ho!} There you go again. You're just so very good at
telling your clever little jokes.''

In an overly polite manner that was dripping with sarcasm, Mr. Rosewater
rolled with laughter. Lloyd's glasses shifted with a twitch.

``Well then,'' said Lloyd. ``I guess we'll just have to let ourselves
in. We \emph{might} have to damage one, maybe two doors, but I'm sure
you'll understand.''

``Ah, so you plan on becoming trespassers, then?'' said Mr. Rosewater.

``Looks like it,'' Lloyd replied. ``But you're speaking in terms of law,
and who knows how much longer \emph{that} will be around, with the world
in chaos and all. And considering all that, why is it that you insist on
worrying about such trivial things? Does some old haunted house really
mean that much to you? Hey...hey, Ken, don't you have anything to say
here?''

Lloyd was being more aggressive than usual, and was now seeking backup.

``Ggghh...''

Without anyone noticing, Ken had completely slumped down in his chair
and had fallen into a very deep sleep.

``Now see here, specs.''

Mr. Rosewater beckoned to the crestfallen Lloyd, in a way that felt
somehow vulgar.

``Look. You don't have to talk to me like that,'' he said. ``Now then,
let's have a little chat, you and I. Just...just lend me your ear,
please.''

Lloyd approached him, looking annoyed, and Mr. Rosewater leaned his rosy
lips close to the side of his head. Their host whispered something into
his ear, and Lloyd's eyes grew wide. He immediately tried to reply but
was stopped, was told something more, appeared to be persuaded, and
finally, the two looked like accomplices having a private, whispered
discussion.

Ana wasn't able to hear everything they said, and wasn't paying much
attention. More than the discomfort of being left out from yet another
private conversation, it was because, for some reason, from beneath the
shadows of her long, down-turned lashes she was unable to take her eyes
off of the devil-may-care ``Boy Savior of the World'', who had nodded
off in the chair opposite hers.

\emph{How can he be so irresponsible?}

\emph{He gets drowsy when his belly is full, he starts screaming at the
slightest inconvenience, and he seems to care only about himself. Ken
is, in every way, just like an actual baby. And yet, the fate of the
entire world rests on this one boy's shoulders.}

\emph{It's unbelievable! }Ana thought.

\emph{This kid is supposed to be such a key person in all of this. He's
the one that I was meant to befriend and to go on a journey with. This
must just be a weird dream, and I think it's time for me to pinch
myself.}

And then, from the corner of the room, there were the tearful, violet
eyes of that beautiful girl of the manor, always focused, almost
spellbound, on her hero as he carried on with his sleeping and snoring.
Noticing this from off to the side, Ana's heart began to ache, and she
felt a somewhat terrible longing.

\emph{I just don't get it,} she thought.

\emph{In her eyes, he must seem like the archangel Gabriel...so
wonderful, so cool, and so brave. She's still so enchanted by this kid
who would brave a haunted house that made even the adults recoil in
fear.}

She had an odd feeling that was somewhat like pride, and somewhat like
anxiety.

\emph{What could you be thinking, dozing off and snoring away at a time
like this? I don't know what your problem is...but please, stop acting
so immature!}

The next morning, Ana was the first one to wake up.

Everyone else in Mr. Rosewater's main residence, on a hill just outside
of town, still seemed to be sleeping soundly. But sunlight was already
shining brightly through the horizontal slats of the window shutters.
Her usual waking time, when she would normally begin getting ready for
morning mass, must have passed by quite a while ago. Come to think of
it, this was the first time in her life that she was waking up someplace
other than her small room in that church in Snowman.

Ana quietly got herself up and went to open the window. The sun was
still low in the sky, and the hillside, still so far from spring, was
lightly covered in withered blades of grass that were being gently
caressed by a drifting mist and were shivering in the cold. However,
when she looked around, she could also see some sort of flowers blooming
near the road that led downward into town. They were red, yellow, and
even pink.

Spookane was only the next train station over, yet this town was so much
warmer and more forgiving than the snow-covered village at the foot of
the mountains that she called home.

\emph{I'll go out and look at the flowers}, Ana thought to herself.

\emph{There are so many blooming, it couldn't hurt to pick a few.}

After they had finished their supper the night before, a very
intimidating middle-aged woman who was introduced to them as
Evangeline's private tutor had attempted to even out Ana's hair, and now
it felt so weightless and forlorn. Ana had reminded her so many, many
times that all she wanted was for the two sides to be even, but this
private tutor was clumsy, and she couldn't seem to get the bottom to be
just right. So out of stubbornness and a need for perfection, there were
no signs of her stopping until she was satisfied, even when Ana had said
it was enough...and by the time she realized what had happened, Ana's
hair had been shortened by about a foot. Now it was just about touching
her shoulder blades. If she were to try to braid it, she'd end up with a
hairstyle only fit for a very small child.

She couldn't hold back the tears welling up in her eyes, and so the
private tutor had spoken to her. \emph{If a girl is going on an
adventure, wouldn't it be helpful for her hair to be boyish and
short-cut, and as neat as possible?}

Behind Ana's closed eyelids, visions of doll-like Evangeline and her
curly locks swam into focus. That girl definitely had countless numbers
of those fairy-tale princess dresses, she was sure. Images of those
long, down-turned eyelashes like veils over amethyst eyes came into her
mind, along with visions of those tightly puckered red lips which had
never opened even once. Ana was certain that a girl like her would never
suffer getting dirty, or losing half of her hair to a wolf attack for
that matter, even once in her entire life.

Even though they were both girls, and were around the same age, Ana and
Evangeline were as different from each other as the sun and the moon.

As she thought this, she felt some sort of prickling sensation in her
heart. With her hair looking as childish as it did now, at the very
least she wanted to try to add some girlish flair by decorating it with
those little flowers. She couldn't help but think like this.

But...

Of course, right now the world was in the middle of a crisis. And not
just any crisis, but one where all life on earth was on the brink of
extinction. And yet she wanted to go out of her way to pick and kill
things that were blooming so beautifully for her own pleasure. That was
terribly cruel, wasn't it?

They were tiny, nameless wildflowers, blessed with sunlight and soil,
with the rain and the wind, and with the dancing of little insects...and
she wanted to allow them to have all these things for the rest of their
fleeting lives.

She pondered all of this now, too.

Ana was lost in thought, and found herself resting her head on her
hands, which she'd clasped together as if in prayer without even
realizing it. Then...

``\emph{\textbf{--WHAT DO YOU MEAN, 'ENGAGED'?!?!}}''

...From the room across the hall, she heard terrible yelling. It was
Ken, of course.

Ana quickly changed out of her nightgown and into her traveling clothes,
and she stepped out into the hallway. The shouting continued, but the
heavy door was preventing her from hearing properly.

``Can you open the door? It's me!'' she called.

The voice stopped, and just as Ana lowered the hand she had been
knocking with, the door opened from the inside. Ken, still wearing his
long, pointed nightcap, had on his usual terrible scowl, and he
immediately narrowed in on Ana, glaring.

``I bet you were in on it, too!!'' he cried. ``What have you two done to
me?!''

``What are you talking about?'' Ana replied, her heart pounding as she
shook her head. ``I don't know what you mean. And why are you in such a
foul mood all the time...even so early in the morning? What are you
arguing about? I don't know what's going on!''

``Do you really mean that?'' said Ken.

``I mean it. What was that you screamed before? I heard something about
being engaged, but--''

``Aaugh......Just...come in.''

She took one step inside, and Ken slammed the door behind her. Their
window was shut, so the room became pitch black, and it was impossible
to make out Lloyd's expression as he sat upright on the bed across from
her.

``What on \emph{earth} is he angry about this time?'' Ana asked, in the
quietest voice she possibly could.

But Lloyd wouldn't answer. He seemed to be looking away from her. Ken
suddenly stomped forward and began to explain everything, his voice
seething with rage.

``This guy here apparently makes other people into fiances of women they
don't even know, and without their permission, even! Signs the contracts
and everything, acting as a legal proxy!''

She was dizzy, and her entire face had gone pure white, but Ana
understood it all immediately. In other words, Mr. Rosewater wished to
grant his shy and reserved daughter her gentle longings as soon as
possible. And she was willing to bet that Mr. Rosewater had told Lloyd
that if Ken agreed to take Evangeline as his bride, he would lend them
the key to that house.

``Jeeze, I should never have let my guard down,'' Ken growled. ``Ana, do
you know about her? This Evanjah-whatever girl? I bet she's an awful,
ugly hag, isn't she?''

``Not at all,'' Ana replied. ``She's really very cute. She's graceful
and refined, in a way that is very rare nowadays. Didn't you see her?''

She tried to keep a smile on her face, but her own words stung her
throat and lips as they came out.

``Nah, I didn't see,'' Ken admitted. ``I was too busy worshiping that
glorious whole pig roast, the fried shrimp, and all that. So who is she,
this chick...some old maid, past her prime, or something?''

``I think she was in her young teens,'' Ana replied. ``I guess she could
be as young as eight, maybe.''

``Why would a little brat like that wanna get hitched so young!?''

``Maybe...it's an upper class thing?'' Ana replied.

``What if she's like something out of a horror movie?'' Ken went on.
``Like, she stretches her neck all the way up to the ceiling in the
middle of the night, or she makes arts and crafts out of human body
parts, or her favorite food is cockroaches?''

``Don't say such creepy things!'' Ana cried.

``Well why else would she want to marry some random kid like me?''

\emph{Because she loves you, of course!}

These unsaid words felt like thorns deep in Ana's heart.

``Look...boys aren't allowed in that place. The only one who would be
allowed in there is Evangeline's most precious someone. I'm sure Lloyd
just thought this was the only choice we had, even though it was a
difficult one...''

The silhouette on the bed seemed to give several tiny little nods.

``You...you're both out of your minds!''

Ken reached up to run his fingers through his bangs and felt that he was
still wearing the nightcap, which he threw to the floor.

``You have to be kidding me,'' he cried. ``Lloyd, if that's what it was
gonna take, why didn't you sign \emph{yourself} up for it? And what are
\emph{you} going to be doing in the meantime? Don't tell me that while
we're out scrapping with the ghosts, you plan on just sitting here and
resting your lazy bones.''

``...A...g-good friend of the groom...is allowed...to come along...''
Lloyd brokenly mumbled, but...

``\textbf{A good friend?!''}

\textbf{}...Ken grabbed him by the front of his collar and yanked him
up, and he faltered.

``I'd like to meet such a guy, where is he, \emph{who} is he? Oh, you
can't \emph{possibly} mean this four-eyed bastard right here, who may
\emph{just} be my absolute \emph{least} favorite person on earth right
now!''

``Stop it, Ken,'' Ana hissed. ``Don't yell so loudly. Not everyone is
awake yet.''

``Ohh, sure, suuure.''

Ken dropped Lloyd and rounded on Ana instead. The taut muscles in his
shoulders were rising up and falling back down as he breathed. \emph{I
wonder if this amount of stress and excitement can set off an asthma
attack}, Ana worried.

``I see. So that's it. You \emph{were} in on this, weren't you? Now I
understand why you didn't try to stop it, when you saw this idiot going
through with his stupid scheme.''

``Don't blame this on me!'' Ana cried. ``It's your fault, Ken, for
falling asleep like that. Your terrible manners caused all this!''

``\emph{My} manners?!'' Ken barked. ``Are you saying what you two did
was in good manners?''

``We shouldn't be arguing over stupid things like this,'' Ana replied.

``Ahh, but I get it now, I get it.''

Ken's fists were shaking as he glared at her.

``It's totally understandable. This arrangement works out well for you,
too, doesn't it? If I've been hooked up with a cute little girlfriend,
that gives you all the time you need to get to know \emph{this} guy so
much better from here on out. Ohh, I'm so sorry, Ana. I haven't been
paying attention to \emph{your} needs, have I? If you want, next hotel
we stay at, I'll book you two your own room, together. I always
preferred being alone anyway--''

\textbf{WHACK -- KA-}\emph{\textbf{WHACK!}}

\textbf{}Both Ken's right and left cheeks were swelling and puffing up.
It would be hard to call it for sure, but the one on the left seemed to
turn a deeper and more painful shade of red. Ana always did have a
strong backhand in tennis.

For a short while, the two glared at each other so intensely that sparks
almost flew, but neither Ken nor Ana said anything more.

Ana furrowed her eyebrows as she tried gently extending the ``antenna''
and fiddling with the ``tuner'' on the spiritual ``radio'' in her mind.
But whatever Ken was thinking, she still couldn't pick up on it. It was
so strange how Ken's ``broadcasts" and Ana's ``radio'' seemed to work so
much better before they met face-to-face. When she really thought about
it, once they had become partners, and now that they were together all
the time, it seemed that suddenly the tuning had gone bad. It felt so
ironic that even though he was so close now that she could reach out and
touch him, the connection between their minds had been so much stronger
before they had ever spoken to one another.

Time passed, wastefully.

Ana quietly averted her gaze, turned her back on Ken, and began to walk
away. Thinking he may try to stop her, she quickened her pace.

Neither of them said a word.

When she entered the empty hallway, she closed their door behind her. In
just three short steps, she was back in the room where she had stayed
the night, and once she was inside, she closed her door, too.

She leaned against the door for a while, barely moving at all, gazing at
the ceiling and out through the window. In her head, something was
violently thrashing this way and that, and she was pretty sure that if
she allowed whatever it was to roam freely, this thing that felt so much
like an ugly little demon would complicate the situation terribly. So
Ana put a steel cage over her heart, and she locked away all the
thoughts she was having. For a short while, her lips trembled and the
frizzy hairs on the nape of her neck stood on end, but eventually, she
settled back down again.

Outside, the sun shone bright, and everything looked rather pleasant.

Even though it was way too early to call this spring yet, it was a
peaceful, mild morning, and one could barely tell the world was in the
middle of a crisis.

But in the end, the world \emph{was} still in the middle of a crisis.

The three of them knew very well that they couldn't let something like a
little falling out among friends stop their forward march.

And so, even though they still hadn't fully settled the awkwardness
between them, after Mr. Rosewater and his silent daughter had seen them
off with waving handkerchiefs, they had set off across town towards that
troublesome haunted house, and now they had arrived.

That key, which they had gone through so much trouble to borrow, was
certainly a perfect match for this door. The keyhole, which was almost
rusted shut, gave out a sharp, unpleasant screech, and the heavy oaken
door swung open. They stepped across the threshold, and as if the door
were automatic, it slammed itself shut behind them.

Upon entering, they found themselves in a spacious reception room. There
was the smell of mildew and an icy chill, and the atmosphere was
saturated with an overall feeling of unease. The windows were all nailed
up from the outside, and since they had just come in from walking around
in the daylight, their eyes could see nothing at first but a terrible,
pure darkness.

It would be dangerous to move around until their eyes adjusted to this
darkness, so for a short while, the three of them just stood there,
saying nothing. It also felt like each one of them was still too
uncomfortable to say anything, anyway. There was a sense that any second
now, something would jump out from the old mantelpiece, from that
carelessly placed Chinese vase, or from the shadows of the dust-covered
velvet curtains. The recesses of the high, vaulted ceilings were deeply
and especially dark, and they couldn't help but feel as though sinister
creatures might be hiding there, holding their breath and awaiting just
the right moment to pounce.

There was a sense of apprehension, of regret, and of misery. Ana's heart
was fretful, and she felt a strange compulsion to cry out. She felt as
though they would stand here like this, perfectly still, for the rest of
eternity, and that she would surely go insane. She wished that Ken or
Lloyd, either one of them, would make one of their stupid jokes or just
talk and smile, since that might bring back the lively atmosphere that
had been there once before, but they were unusually sulky, and there was
a sense that if anyone were to say anything, another fight would break
out between them.

\emph{I'd feel better if a ghost would just jump out already!}

\emph{Then I could let out a scream, and run around to my heart's
content -- that would clear my mind, wouldn't it?}

\emph{\textbf{Creeeak.}}

\textbf{}From somewhere far off, there was a sound like a door being
opened, and Ana's heart jumped into her throat.

``S...so what do we do now?'' Lloyd stuttered, unable to stay silent any
longer. ``Which way should we go?''

``Who knows?'' Ken grumbled, curtly.

``Well we have to go \emph{somewhere},'' Lloyd replied. ``We have to
look for that piano.''

``We'll go wherever you wanna go. After all, I'm just a boy who can't
make decisions for himself, aren't I,'' Ken said, with a
self-deprecating, bitter smile.

``......Do you have to talk like that?''

Lloyd's voice was awfully low, as his confidence drooped.

Ana thought that Ken would yell something back at him, but he gave no
reply. And that was somehow even worse.

``Kee-heehee, kee-keekeekeekee!!''

Suddenly, from the floor at the trio's feet, there came a voice that
sounded like a nail scraping against metal. They looked down and saw a
grinning mouse, its eyes shaped like two crescent moons as its stiff
little whiskers twitched and wiggled. Hurriedly, Ana switched her mind
into a different ``mode'', and as soon as she did, she could understand
what the mouse was saying.

``Oh now this is interesting. Rare, even! A truly beautiful scene
indeed, these three humans...traveling together as companions, yet still
taking time out to have a little argument! Keehee keehee keehee.''

``Oh, Mister Mouse!''

Ana addressed him with her mind.

``I'm wondering if you can tell me something. Do you know where we can
find a piano that makes music, even though there is no one playing it?
Which way should we go?''

``A piano? What is a piano...? Is it that food covered in holes, which
is so tasty and filling?''

``No, that's cheese,'' Ana replied.

``Ah, then is it those fellows who flop and splash around, all soggy and
wet, and when you take a big bite out of them, you find all those
painful little bones?''

``That's a fish,'' said Ana. ``It's not food. A piano is, well, a piano
has lots of white and black planks, all side by side. And if you hit
them, a sound comes out.''

``Ahh, one of those, eh? You're on your own, I'm afraid. I have no idea
where it might be. Keeheehee.''

The mouse's whole body shook with laughter, and then as soon as he
finished giggling, he nimbly jumped up and climbed to Ana's shoulder.

``But. Since you're so cute, sister, I'll tell you a valuable secret,''
he said.

``Oh, what is it? Tell me, tell me!'' Ana cried.

``Well, for one thing...''

The mouse spoke in a hushed whisper, so without even thinking about it,
Ana leaned her ear in closer and...

\emph{\textbf{KER-CHOMP!}}

``Yeowch!''

...He bit her earlobe.

``...You shouldn't trust anyone,'' the mouse said. ``Putting your faith
in folks you don't know is a huge mistake! Sorry to tell ya, but in this
house, don't expect any good, wholesome characters to show up -- not
even one. Once you enter this haunted hell-house, you'll never get out
alive! Leave all that hopeful stuff at the door, won't you?
\emph{Keeheeheeheeheeheehee!}''

Ana tried to brush the mouse off, but long before she could, he
effortlessly evaded her and leapt to her back. Then, taking what was
left of her precious hair in his teeth, he jumped off and yanked down on
it with all of his strength.

``\emph{Yaaah!!}''

Ana's head was pulled back, and suddenly two or three more mice were
leaping at her, with those pointed teeth aiming straight for her pale
throat!

``Look out!''

If Ken's bat hadn't mowed them down, they would have torn her to shreds.
Ana instinctively clutched her throat with both hands while Lloyd pulled
out his knife to deal with the mouse that was still chomping down on her
hair. But Lloyd's own back was already covered in about a dozen more
mice. Like some terrible game of king of the hill, the mice climbed up
on the backs of other mice, piling up on one another as the fuzzy mass
grew steadily taller. When they were level with the top of his head, the
nasty little jerks wrapped their tails around Lloyd's glasses and tried
to snatch them away......!

She became aware of the squeaking and peeping sounds which were
absolutely everywhere, a horrible cacophony. The entire area was covered
in the little beasts, like some kind of awful mousey carpeting. The many
mice all over the floor were advancing one by one and going in for the
attack. With their strong front teeth, they were biting and snapping at
everything they could reach.

With her jacket and fairly long skirt, her knee-high boots, and her
gloves, most of her body was pretty well covered, and that was quite a
blessing. But these mice were clever creatures. They clung to all parts
of the body and danced in rushing feints in an attempt to confuse their
victims and throw them off their balance. They aimed for the face, neck,
and any other places where the skin was soft and unprotected with deadly
accuracy. One particularly naughty mouse even crawled up into her skirt
and began thrashing violently, so even just standing up straight was a
difficult endeavor.

Protecting her face, guarding her skirt, and trying to shake off these
frantic mice, Ana was starting to get tired. She was beginning to feel
dizzy. She was out of breath and in a daze, but there was no time to
rest. She couldn't see what was going on around her very clearly
anymore. She heard the sound of Ken swinging his bat around. There were
tiny little shrieks as Lloyd brandished his knife. It seemed as though
the boys weren't going to give up the fight. But no matter what, this
was a massive amount of enemies at once. They could duck and dodge,
evade and retreat, but wave after wave of fresh troops just kept
appearing. There was truly no end in sight. The three of them couldn't
handle this.

White ones, black ones, gray ones... Through the spaces between her
fingers, she could see the mice, and they seemed so thin and
bloodthirsty. \emph{Maybe they're terribly hungry. A human child is so
many times -- so many tens of times -- larger than they are, and they
must see us as a first-class feast. There are emergency food rations in
that backpack...I wonder if they would let us go if we offered that to
them}, Ana thought.

``.....Aaaugh!''

From out of nowhere, a loathsome rat leapt to her shoulder, and with a
series of whip-like snaps it began to hit both of Ana's eyes with its
tail. She retaliated immediately and struck it down with her secret,
well-practiced, open-palm slap attack, but there was a searing pain in
her eyes and she could no longer open them. On top of that, the whole
floor was squirming, and her footing had become unstable. In her mind,
she knew these mice were her enemies, but she still couldn't bring
herself to trample them intentionally. So now she couldn't see, and she
couldn't take even one step, let alone walk. Her body was shaking
violently, as over and over again countless numbers of mice leapt at
her. Then, very suddenly, she lost her balance and fell. The mice who
were pinned under her let out pitiful little chirps, and the other mice,
who were supposed to be their allies, only became more excited, as with
a \emph{whooosh}, they started to climb up over her. She didn't even
have time to stand up. Hundreds of the tiny little beasts, all of them
squeaking and screeching, crawled all over her -- on her legs, her arms,
her shoulders, and her head. Their twitching whiskers tickled her, and
their coiling tails repulsed her. Somehow, she was still protecting her
throat and her face, but those gnashing, grinding teeth were starting to
tear through her clothes. If they got to her belly, those teeth would
start causing some serious damage. Ana's consciousness was drifting
away......

\ldots...As she came to her senses again, she could feel her upper body
being roughly yanked back up. Someone had hold of her arm and was
pulling her to her knees. She felt her body being violently hit all over
and thought she would faint again from the shock, until she realized
with a great deal of relief that this someone was only beating away the
unyielding mice.

``Hang in there. Hold on! Wrap your arms around me and hold on tight.''

Her free arm felt around for the one that had been pulled up. In a daze,
she brought her arms together, intertwined her fingers, and held on
tight. She could feel herself being lifted and held like a child,
supported from underneath her bent knees and just below her shoulders.
And then she felt herself being carried, flying along at a high speed.

``......Over here......!''

Lloyd's voice had come from some distance away. So then, the one running
must be Ken. It must be Ken's neck that her arms were wrapped around.
Had Ken, who had been in such a foul mood just a short while ago, really
just rescued her...?

Her head went fuzzy again. She had an awful feeling like seasickness,
and all the strength was drained from her entire body. She wondered if
she could recover if only she were allowed to sit still for a moment in
peace and quiet.

They opened many doors and went through a few rooms. They climbed
several stairways and steep inclines. Before she knew it, the terrible
sound of the squeaking mice had faded into the distance, and in its
place, the only sound that came to her ears was an awful huffing and
puffing, an unsteady gasping for breath. She had never heard anyone
breathe like this so close to her before. It seemed so painful. She
wanted to say, 'I must be heavy, please put me down', but she couldn't
find her voice. While thinking about how sorry she was, all Ana could do
was continue to pray. Pray that they would escape from this place as
soon as possible.

The boys never stopped moving. They ran on and on, persistently,
endlessly. Every now and then something or other would jump out and
attack, but she could tell that these things were being knocked to the
side, either by Lloyd's knife and stun gun, or by Ken's kicks and
headbutts.

In all the violent jostling and swinging, there were so many times when
she was sure she would fall. Her arms were wound around tight, clinging
with a desperate strength, and stiff jacket fabric was pressed tight
against her face. \emph{It's as if I'm snuggling into Ken's chest}, she
thought, and the second she did, her cheeks were ablaze, and her heart
seemed to take a trip through her entire body as its heavy, intense
pulse pounded throughout. And on top of that, she was sure that since
she was clutching him so tightly, Ken must also be very aware of all of
it.

Was this mortifying or was it pleasant? Was she proud of it or was she
ashamed? Did she detest herself right now or did it make her feel
wonderful? Ana truly could not tell. But this was definitely not the
time to analyze it or think deeply about it. The best she could do right
now was just to cope with her nausea and endure the pain in her eyes.
She didn't understand anything that was going on, it all just rushed
along and passed her by. She had only become a burden to these friends
who she was supposed to be fighting alongside. ...How pathetic.

Tears trickled steadily from the corner of her eyes down to her ears,
and it wasn't just because of all the pain.

\emph{If we make it out of here, I'll just go home, s}he thought. But
she had no way of knowing whether or not she'd ever find herself outside
and under the wonderful sun ever again.

The Warriors seemed to have become lost little children. It felt like
they were going around in circles, with each place looking the same as
any other. Where was the room with the piano, and which way was the
exit? It all felt disjointed and incomprehensible. In the typical
behavior pattern of someone who is lost, they were going back and forth,
coming up and going down, and retracing their steps over ground they had
already covered over and over. They were trying to hurry but were also
being repetitive, and they'd lost a terrible amount of time.

``......It's no good! This is a dead end, too!''

She heard Lloyd's voice ahead of them, and he sounded frustrated.

Ken wordlessly turned on his heels, and he began going back up the
staircase he had just come down, until suddenly, he paused, with a bit
of alarm.

``......What's...wrong......?''

She barely managed to force out these words in a hoarse whisper, and
Ken's chest trembled. She looked up at him through barely opened
eyelids, and could see Ken's very strange expression -- so serious, from
his brows to his eyes, but then his mouth was raised in an encouraging
smile as he looked down sideways at Ana.

``Can you stand?''

His voice was unhurried and quiet, and felt terribly gentle.

``Yeah,'' Ana murmured.

``Okay. I'll put you down.''

He bent down, let her toes touch the ground first, then slowly allowed
her to stand up. As if she'd just gotten off of a long thrill ride,
Ana's body was shaky and unsteady, and she couldn't tell which way was
up, or if she was even standing vertically. In a panic, Ken grabbed
Ana's shoulders as she started to stumble, and he spoke again, in that
voice which was so much gentler than it had ever been before.

``Stay back.''

With her eyes still in so much pain, Ana looked out through her barely
opened eyelids and saw them. Above the trio on the stairway, there were
two suits of knight's armor, faintly glimmering in the darkness. And
slowly, so slowly, they were coming down towards them!

Now that she thought of it, she had been hearing unsettling \emph{crash,
crash}ing sounds, like very heavy objects being knocked against one
another. And little by little, those sounds had been getting closer and
closer.

Lloyd almost cried out, and as he turned around, he came face-to-face
with what appeared to be a ghost, billowing and floating in mid-air!

With a thump, thump, thump, Ken ran back down the stairs.

With a thud, thud, thud, Lloyd ran back up.

The three of them were in the middle of the stairway, trapped between
powerful-looking enemies both above and below, which were slowly but
surely closing in on them.

Would this be it? One of those famous ``last stands'' one always hears
about?

``Ana...'' Ken muttered, still facing away from her.

``What...?''

``I haven't known you for very long,'' he began. ``But it's been fun.
I'm sorry...for all the stupid things I said.''

But Ana's throat felt tight, and she couldn't bring herself to reply.

``Don't say things like that. It's bad luck,'' Lloyd said, smiling,
although his voice sounded somewhat forced.

``It's too early to give up, now. Don't you know? Justice always
prevails in the end! ...So let's\textbf{
GOOOOOOOO...}\emph{\textbf{YAHH!!}}''

With this terrific battle cry, Lloyd hurled his boomerang at the ghost!
In an instant, the terrible thing swelled up as though it were going to
pop, and Ana almost shouted, ``You did it!''...But the second it burst,
it let out a terrible scream that sounded like a very discordant bell
ringing.

\textbf{``}\emph{\textbf{BRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIINNNGGG!''}}

...Something like that. And then, from the wall across from them, from
the floor just to the side of them, from the ceiling, from the fancy
columns, and even from a portrait hanging on the wall...so many ghosts,
of the exact same shape and size, popped out and began to float towards
them!

``What the... It multiplied! Aha, these guys are sort of like an alarm
clock, aren't they? It seems like they have a habit of calling out for
their friends by sending out a loud sound right as they're about to kick
the bucket. Hmm...this is tough. Oh I know! I'll call them, 'Alarm
Ghosts'!''

\emph{Even at a time like this...Lloyd is ever the academic type.}

\textbf{``Men...dou...}\emph{\textbf{kote}}\textbf{!''}

\textbf{}Ken was taking kendo-style swings at the knights with his bat.
He wasn't terribly weak, but there were two of them, after all. Both of
them were very clunky and sluggish in their movements, but there was a
lot of power behind their swinging lance and sword. Ken was quite agile
and never stopped moving, and he threw in as many rapid-fire attacks as
he could, but when it all came down to it, the size difference between
him and his opponents was too great. These things were over six feet
tall. His reach was at a terrible disadvantage. And so, in the end, one
of the knights caught his shoulder with a heavy blow as it swung its
lance downward, and he dropped his bat.

``Uungghh...I blew it...! It's...it's numb, my arm is so numb...I can't
grab my bat--\emph{co-cough-\/-co-cough-\/-cough-\/-cough}!''

\textbf{Clank. }\emph{\textbf{Ker-clank}}\textbf{. Clank.
}\emph{\textbf{Ker-clank}}\textbf{.} The knights were still coming down
at them from above, and now she could even hear the sounds of the seams
in their armor rubbing together with every step. On top of this, Ken was
suddenly having one of his fits, and the only thing he could do now was
cough and struggle!

``There's more over here...uuwaaaugh, and more here,'' Lloyd cried,
flustered. ``...And so many more......yikes!! Waaugh, they're still
multiplying! What do we do...?''

\emph{\textbf{BRRRRIIIINNNGGG! BRRRRIIIINNNGGG!}} For each ghost Lloyd
defeated, four or five more would appear. They were continuing to
multiply by the minute, and now the bottom of the stairs was stuffed
full of ghosts. They looked like ghostly commuters during rush hour at
this point.

Ana was cowering in her corner of the staircase. Although it wasn't even
that cold, the very core of her body was shivering and trembling so
terribly that she had started sweating. She was shaking so hard that she
couldn't have held herself still if she tried, so hard that her cheeks
were quivering, and so hard that everything she saw in front of her was
blurred. Clinging tightly to her knees, with her head ducked low and her
fingers between her teeth, Ana looked like a miserable, moping
kindergartener.

``......No......no!''

One after another, her tears flowed freely, and though she was hardly
even aware of it, she was shaking her head back and forth. She knew that
any moment now, the boys would be taken down, and she wished there was
something, anything, any small thing that she could do to help, but she
was too frightened and in too much shock.

\emph{I want to run away. I just want to get out of here.}

\emph{Someone, please, tell me this is all just a bad dream......!}

\emph{\textbf{``}}\textbf{UWAAUGH!''}

Eventually, Lloyd collapsed. He fell face-down at Ana's toes as if he
were groveling, and he seemed to be trying to speak to her, with his
glasses askew and his expression looking pained. Clumsily he reached out
with his hand, like he was trying to grasp at something. Like he was
begging for something.

But, right when he had almost reached her, she pulled her toes away from
him, for reasons she couldn't quite understand. In her head, she knew
that this was her beloved companion and that she should try to help him,
but she couldn't move. There was nothing she could do.

\emph{I'm selfish, and a terrible friend. How was I so conceited as to
think that I could go out and save the world?}

Warm tears filled Ana's eyes once more.

And then...

At that moment, very weakly, Lloyd smiled.

As if he were saying, {[}\emph{...It's alright.}{]}

{[}\emph{Girls aren't cut out for things like fighting. So, it's okay.
You couldn't help it. I don't blame you for it. But more importantly, I
didn't have the strength to protect you in the end...so can you ever
forgive me?}{]}

She felt as though she could read his mind.

Ana's eyes, which were tear-filled, trembling, and opened far wider than
normal, suddenly became calm and tranquil. At the same time, all of her
shivering stopped instantly.

Ana stood up, gently tightened her fists as they dangled at the sides of
her body, held her breath, and cast her eyes downward.

She envisioned herself as an antenna, or a lightning rod. From somewhere
deep within herself, she was calling out to the vast, untamed, powerful
flow of energy circling the universe, collecting it, and she could feel
it accumulating. And when she felt herself strained to her absolute
limits, Ana's eyes, still red, snapped wide open, and from her lips, a
voiceless cry gushed forth.

\textbf{``............!!''}

\textbf{}There was a light.........!

Beyond bright, beyond the purest white, and causing a momentary
blindness, a small speck of intense, powerful light appeared
soundlessly, and then suddenly, like an explosion, it started to
grow......!

Before too long, the injured Warriors regained their vision, and they
could see that aside from themselves, there was not one living thing
left in the area surrounding them. The ghosts had all been
crushed...disintegrated...mowed down by that powerful light, and they
had vanished.

``Wh...what just happened...?'' asked Lloyd, as he sluggishly got to his
feet.

``It was like a supernova explosion. Or could it have been...a
theoretical white hole...?''

``Whoa-ho. That was pretty cruel, Ana.''

Ken spoke with a growl as he approached Ana, who was still a bit dazed,
and shook her shoulder. Apparently his coughing fit had subsided.

``Pretty smooth of you. Playing it cool while all this time, you've had
a powerful move like \emph{that} up your sleeve. You could have tried it
earlier, though...saved us all the trouble.''

``Huh? It was Ana?'' said Lloyd. ``She finished them off, all of them?''

``Can you believe it...?'' Ken replied. ``It looks like this one here
has much stronger PSI powers than mine. And all with that cute little
face -- she's like a terrifying big sister!''

He teasingly caressed her chin, and Ana finally came to her senses with
a start.

``Don't touch me!''

``E-easy now! I get it, I get it.''

Ken withdrew his hand and gave a wry smile.

``Ooh, scary, so scary! Oh please, please don't lose your temper and
disintegrate us, too!''

``............''

``Alright, alright. I give up. Anyway, I still can't believe it. Just a
little while ago, you were fawning over some teeeny tiiiny little mice,
with a face like you thought you were going to die any minute. You were
clinging to my chest for dear life. What's with this sudden change?
Doesn't really suit a girl, you know...hup--!''

Before she could land her third open-hand slap, he caught her wrist and
held it still. Ana scowled at him, and Ken raised the forefinger of his
other hand and waggled it back and forth in a ``tsk, tsk, tsk!'' motion
before finally letting her go.

``......Is that so? ......That's amazing......you're amazing,
Ana......!''

Lloyd repeatedly showed his admiration, but somehow, this still didn't
make Ana feel any better.

\emph{Ah, so you're seeing it in a more positive light now, then?} she
wanted to say, in a silly way with a broad smile, but for some reason,
she just couldn't bring herself to feel proud.

This was the first time she had ever consciously used that terrible
power for \textbf{destruction}. Before now, sure, there was that time
when she threw a fit and smashed all those teacups and windows. But
there hadn't been a single time where she truly wanted to \textbf{kill},
to \textbf{obliterate}, to \textbf{destroy without leaving a trace}.

Until this very moment.

And now...now they were well on their way, on a journey full of such
ruthless fighting, and they were going to have to put everything they
had into these battles time and time again. That's what it means to be a
Warrior. In order to protect themselves, each other, and the world
itself, a half-hearted, weak-willed resolution wouldn't nearly be
enough. Their path forward would become impossible if they couldn't
bring themselves to kill or destroy any number of things standing in
their way. They'd never make it to their journey's end.

A cold wind seemed to howl across Ana's heart. She felt helpless and
forlorn, as if she had suddenly been left all alone in the middle of a
wide open field.

\emph{I think what worries me about this power I have is that it's so
intense that it's terrifying. It's certainly stronger than a bat, or a
boomerang.}

\emph{So then, am I stronger than Ken, and Lloyd......?}

\emph{I can't give it up now...this fight.}

\emph{And I can't be someone who is protected, I have to be the one who
protects, I must be the one to take a stand in this ongoing battle. If
God gave me this terrifying power, then I can't let it go to waste. I
have to really think it through, accept my responsibility, and I must
continue to use it.}

Ana's shoulders, her hands, her feet, her heart, and this wonderful
power all suddenly became too heavy for her.

She shivered, as a tremor of excitement ran through her.

``......Ana......?''

Ken looked at her with a worried expression, and she tried to force even
just the corners of her lips into a smile for him, but it was no good.
She tried to put on a brave front, but her eyebrows trembled subtly as a
heavy teardrop rolled down her cheek and then fell to the ground.

``W...what is it?'' Ken asked. ``Are you hurt, somewhere?''

\emph{Oh, this again. Boys really are dumb. So thickheaded.}

\emph{That's not it at all!}

While shaking her head with an emphatic ``no'', she lost her grip
entirely, and Ana finally started crying -- full-on wailing, like a
child. She suddenly flung her arms around the neck of a very surprised
Ken, and while nuzzling her nose and cheeks into his jacket, which
reeked of dust and dirt, she began howling to her heart's content. After
a moment of utter bewilderment, Ken finally wrapped his arms around her
gently...and only then did she finally start to calm down, at least a
little. But she still felt a bit of embarrassment, as for a short while
she sniffled rather loudly and openly sought his comfort.

``...Childish brat...''

She quietly lifted her eyes to look up at him, and Ken's face suddenly
went funny. Feigning a lack of concern, he looked up at the ceiling,
flared his nostrils, screwed up his lips, and stiffened his freckled
face into a strange expression somewhat like he was angry and somewhat
like he was embarrassed...but he was clearly nervous.

Ana couldn't help but burst into laughter.

\emph{Which one of us is the ``childish brat''? You may think and say
some perverted things, and things that may \textbf{sound} all grown
up...but you're still so very immature, Ken.}

``I'm sorry,'' said Ana, at last. ``Thank you.''

Ana let go of him, and Ken instantly relaxed. He breathed a
way-too-obvious sigh of relief, and Ana felt offended, but...this was
Ken, after all. It was probably unreasonable to expect him to follow and
understand a girl's complicated and mysterious heart, and all the
impulsive behaviors that come along with it.

She gave a soft sigh.

``Heeey! Over here, over here, come look, come look!''

Lloyd's head peeked out from the room at the top of the stairs.

``This is amazing. There's a door here we didn't notice before. And that
hallway we passed through so many times just...isn't here at all
anymore. I bet that light destroyed a bunch of fake doors that were
turning this place into a maze.''

``Alriiight!''

...And Ken ran off, immediately.

Without even a ``let's go'', or anything like that.

Ana breathed yet another sigh, and then hurried along after the other
two.

Since the phantom hallway that the nasty creatures had created
disappeared, there was no need to search through the rest of the entire
house. At last, the three of them found themselves in a room with a
large piano.

``......It's so pretty......''

This was it. A grand piano, exactly the same deep shade of violet as
Evangeline's eyes. Ana walked over to it, and as she lifted the cover
off of the keys, a curious melody began to play.

And with that, their mission to explore the haunted house was
beautifully completed.

But...

It was then that the three of them suddenly remembered. If they went
back to the Rosewater residence, there was one more problem that would
be awaiting them.

``...Hey. What do you think, should we just...run?'' Ken asked, as he
nervously forced a smile.

``And what should we do with the key? Just...not return it?''

Lloyd shook his head as if to say, ``\emph{absolutely not''}.

``I don't think that's something an 'Ally of Justice' would do, now, is
it?''

But Ana didn't say anything. Because she knew if she opened her mouth,
she couldn't fully predict the words that might come out of it.

A short while before...

On the second floor of the Rosewater residence, every single mirror in
Evangeline's room cracked, smashed, and shattered...all at once.
Evangeline, who was carefully embroidering a decorative letter ``E" in
purple thread onto a traveling cloak at the time, was very startled, and
she accidentally pricked her finger.

Blood slowly oozed from her pure white fingertip, and Evangeline watched
it in silence for a moment. Then after a short while, that pale face
suddenly filled with a look of strong determination, and she went to see
her father. She was running as fast as she could.

``Oh thank you, thank you, we're really just so grateful to you! You
three are true heroes, real warriors of justice! Please, eat as much as
you like, take it easy and rest yourselves as much as you need to,
please, please, don't be shy. Ah, but...well, the truth is...''

It was of a different design, but sure enough, he was wearing another
frill-covered, flowing blouse with matching lace cuffs, and while he
rubbed his hands together, Mr. Rosewater once again paused his words for
quite some time, implying some sort of great significance.

The three of them glanced at one another instinctively. Each one wore a
gloomy expression. Now that Ken was Evangeline's fiance, if Mr.
Rosewater were to say that he would have to stay with her in this town,
or something like that, what were they going to do? Would they be able
to come up with a clever enough explanation, or a good enough excuse, to
be able to persuade this sly old fox, both elegant and skilled, this
self-made (?) man who they were up against? Or would this be the end of
their journey to save the world, right here and now?

``It's about......that agreement we had, your engagement.''

\emph{Ahhh}... All three of them shut their eyes tight.

But then...

``We'll...we'll have to cancel it,'' he said. ``Oh dear, I know it's
terribly selfish of me to do this to you, and I'm incredibly sorry to
have to break it to you like this.''

``Oh?''

``OHH?!''

``\emph{REALLY?}''

The three of them couldn't hide the excitement in their voices.

``Oh dear, I know it's such a dishonorable thing to do,'' Mr Rosewater
continued. ``As a matter of fact, it pains me a great deal to have to
say this. It's my silly daughter, you see...she said to me, \emph{'If,
while you are thinking with all your heart of the one you have promised
to marry, your favorite comb or mirror breaks as you're doing your
sewing, knitting, embroidery or other crafts like that, it means your
marriage will be a very unlucky one, and you should break it off right
away ❤ '}. Apparently, it was written very plainly in an authoritative
book on fortune-telling and good luck charms. And, well...we were in for
quite a shock. On this very day, only a short while ago, every last one
of the mirrors in my daughter's room quite suddenly and very
completely--''

``...They shattered, right?''

``Yes, every single one.''

Ken couldn't help it as his face broke into a smile as clear as the blue
sky, but Ana nudged him with her elbow and he hastily tried to stiffen
his lips into a more serious expression.

``That's quite a shame,'' he said. ``Say, do you think you could give us
back that agreement thing, then?''

``Of course. It's right here.''

Perhaps that white light had been the cause of all this. The townspeople
of Spookane had completely returned to normal, too.

And so...

As they marched in high spirits along the road leading to the train
station, scattering paper confetti as they went, when they heard someone
scold them with, \textbf{``You shouldn't throw trash around like
that!''}, the three of them knew that this time, aliens had nothing to
do with it.

\textbf{Chapter 4 - In The Desert}

Sand, sand, sand, sand, sand......

Forever monotonous and unchanging, it was the very picture of
``barren''. The landscape they had just seen, the landscape they had
seen a little while ago, the landscape they had seen a longer while
ago...they couldn't tell the difference between any of them. It was like
walking through a bad dream.

Ahead of them were sand dunes, to their right was a sandy plain, and to
their left was a huge sand pit. Even the air was yellow with a hazy
sandstorm. Needless to say, the only direction that looked even slightly
better may have been the one they had come from. The footprints they
left behind were staggered and wavering. But even these, the only
distinguishing features in the sand, were slowly being filled in by a
wind so soft it couldn't even be felt on their skin, and before they
knew it, even their footprints gradually disappeared.

Every now and then they would come to an incline. Their hearts would
begin to beat faster, and they'd think that if they could just get to
the top of this hill, they would see something new and different on the
other side -- for \emph{sure} this time...but when they'd finally get
there, it was always that same view they knew so well. Just infinite,
uninterrupted, never-ending sand, sand, and more sand.

The three of them were exhausted, spiritless, and thoroughly bored.

How much longer could they possibly walk?

But none of them had the courage (?) to say they should stop. They
didn't know which would take longer -- turning back or going forward. If
it turned out that they had given up when they were halfway there, it
would have broken their hearts. And a walk on this particular trail
wasn't very well suited to ease a broken heart.

Incidentally, here's a snippet about this Yucca desert, from the
best-seller, \emph{The Hiking Guide Book for Young Boys who Love
Adventure -Find Your Connection with Nature!-:}

\textbf{It is dangerous, treacherous, and vast. There are no detailed
maps of the area. As it contains the site of a battle fought years ago
in a war between Country A and Country B, that area is said to be cursed
by the spirits of those who died in the conflict. It is also said to
contain massive quantities of buried treasure, as well as many other
well-spread but untrue rumors like those. The mountainous areas to the
north are supposedly infested with yeti-type monsters and off-road biker
gangs. Well-suited for extreme masochists. It requires strict and
careful planning, and the accompaniment of a parent or guardian.
Otherwise, you're heading straight to hell in a handbasket! Our rating:
Negative 100 ☠️☠️☠️}

Unfortunately for these three, not one of them had ever read this book.
They say that children are creatures who love the outdoors, but you
would hope that every now and then they might wish to check out a
bookstore.

None of the members of the Global Defense Force were avid readers, and
so, not knowing how dangerous this place truly was, they stepped right
on in quite casually, and now they had already traveled so far. They
were the Allies of Justice, and no hardship could truly be a hardship
for them at all, or so they bluffed, and besides, they always had each
other's backs.

But...they hadn't gotten even the slightest bit lost on their way, at
least. And this was because of Lloyd's wonderful wristwatch. This
hand-made watch, which was a parting gift from his father, would
continue to tick away the exact time even at mountainous heights of
thirty thousand feet above sea level or submerged in up to three hundred
and thirty feet of water (the average human would be at peace in heaven
long before this watch would break). It had a stopwatch, a calculator, a
pedometer, a heart rate and blood pressure monitor, a function to
display one's spent calories, and could even run simple video games. But
in addition to all that, if the hour hand was lined up with the
direction of the sun, there was a display on the inner part of the
two-layer disc which would show which way was true north.

Eastward...eastward they went, in as straight a line as they could
manage, and though it was only just past noon, the sun was steadily
beating down on the backs of the three Warriors. If they kept on walking
like this, slowly but surely, they would eventually come to Mount Itoi.

That's right! The infamous Mount Itoi......!

If they could catch even one slight glimpse of it, they'd be able to
carry on with relatively higher spirits.

The direct sunlight was harsh, and their packs were heavy. With each
step they took, they sank down to their ankles in fine, soft sand, and
it was unbearable. Just walking straight ahead, steadily and patiently,
was hard enough labor in itself.

The most exhausted among them was Lloyd. Although he rarely read books,
he was still very much the studying type and wasn't very well adjusted
to outdoor activities. Computers are vulnerable to dust and heat, so
they must be kept in exceptionally clean spaces with constant, regulated
air conditioning. Before now, Lloyd had spent a good majority of his
life in a room just like that. His body was used to that sort of climate
and atmosphere, so his discomfort was understandable.

Lloyd had tucked a handkerchief under the back of his hat and let it
hang down in a very untidy way in order to protect his neck from sweat
and sunburn, but suddenly he had lost all of his strength. Dog-tired and
staggering, he could do nothing but amble along in quite a pathetic way.
When they first started out, he fussed about sand getting in his boots,
and would constantly stop, take the time to undo the laces, remove them,
turn them upside-down, and give them a few quick taps. But by now he had
totally given up, and he plodded along as if in complete desperation,
each step landing with the full weight of his body. The trio had brought
along three sports drinks each, and after quickly gulping one of them
down, his pack was that much lighter with only the other two left, at
least.

``He...eey, are we gonna...take...a break...soon?''

Lloyd's speech was so listless, it was hard to hear what he was even
saying.

``...Take a break in a place like this?''

Ken puffed the front of his shirt a few times to get some airflow under
it, and gave a bitter smile.

``Just hang in there a little longer,'' he said. ``Pretty soon we'll
come to an oasis or something, I'm sure.''

``Uh huh...'' Lloyd mumbled. ``...Hey wait. You shouldn't say that, it's
not accurate!''

Lloyd's expression suddenly became somewhat dark.

``\,'Oasis' is a trademark. The accurate term that you should be using
is 'word processor'!''

Raising his voice like this used up even more of his energy, so he began
staggering limply...oh so limply...as he went on with lecturing his two
astounded companions.

``...And a 'Band-Aid' is an 'adhesive bandage', a 'Xerox Machine' is a
'photocopier', and 'Velcro' is a hook-and-loop fastener. And now here's
a question for you. Do you know the proper term you should use for a
Q-tip?''

``Yes.''

``Miss Ana had her hand up first. What's your answer?''

``A cotton swab.''

``\textbf{Ding-ding-ding!} That is correct!''

Lloyd smiled broadly and threw one hand into the air...and then his eyes
rolled up into his head and his face turned a sickly pale blue. Then,
like a tree that had just been cut down, he slowly leaned to one side,
kicked his legs out straight into the sand and collapsed lifelessly.

``......Oh you gotta be kidding me,'' Ken sighed. ``Oh well, that's
that. I guess we're taking a break after all.''

Ken's shadow was small, but still large enough that he was able to find
a spot where it would fall across Lloyd's unconscious body. He sat down,
opened his backpack, and took out two cans of Gatorade -- whoops, I
mean, a non-specific sports drink.

``Here.''

He held one out for Ana.

``I'm alright, I still have three left,'' she replied.

``Well then give them to me. I'll carry them''

Ana stared at Ken without blinking.

``What? I'm not gonna take them,'' he said. ``I'll give them all back.''

``It's not that.''

She tried to laugh, but her lips were dry and slightly stiff.

``Just, give this one to Lloyd,'' she said. ``I'd only need a sip of
yours, if that's okay.''

Ken shrugged his shoulders in silence, then opened the can with a nice
\emph{\textbf{psshhtt!}} sound. The kind of sound that makes a dry
throat instinctively swallow.

Angling his head upward, Ken held the can up high and tilted it, and
without spilling a drop, he poured the sports drink straight into his
mouth. He was red with sunburn, and the sandy dust clinging to the
rivers of sweat on his skin looked a lot like a map of the Amazon.

``Phewww...alright, now you.''

He handed her the can, which was still more than halfway full.
\emph{This is kinda......like an indirect kiss, isn't it? Well, I don't
want to be rude, s}he thought, and this time it was Ana who silently
shrugged her shoulders.

She gave it a little taste, then, still in no hurry, gulped some of it
down. The sports drink was relatively warm, but she could feel it
spreading through her body. She was really taking her sweet time with
this precious drink, but suddenly she felt someone's gaze, and as she
raised her eyes, Ken turned away, flustered, and he swallowed hard in
spite of himself. And then, as if to divert attention, he quickly spoke.

``Damn......I just wish the trains were running!''

``\emph{Oh really, now?}''...she thought to reply. But if she did, would
he get angry?

He'd probably get angry.

Ana pretended not to notice anything, and continued drinking, slowly.

``A train would really make even a place this damn annoying suddenly
okay -- sitting so happily in a nice cool train car, drinking a cola or
whatever and watching it all pass on by. \emph{Eeek, no way, it's a
scary desert! How cute!❤ Just kidding!,} and then I'd make a peace sign
and go to take a bunch of souvenir photos, but in the end, just as I'm
about to take the shot, boom, suddenly we're already past it, I'm
disappointed, and...yeah, that's what it'd be like.''

``.........''

\emph{Oh, I'm already done.}

Ana gently poured the last mouthful onto her handkerchief, and used it
to carefully wipe the face and neck of Lloyd, who was still unconscious.
Maybe he'd be a little sticky later...but for now, it was important to
keep him cool.

Her once-beautiful handkerchief, she suddenly noticed, now looked like a
worn out dish rag. She lightly wrung out this
handkerchief-turned-dish-rag, and as she placed it on that handsome brow
of Lloyd's, she looked up and noticed Ken, his arms wrapped around his
knees, looking out over the desert towards the horizon and staring off
in the direction from which they had been walking. The expression he
wore now looked nothing like the guy who had been saying all those silly
things a second ago. She couldn't imagine his voice being so carefree
now, with his profile so serious and whole-hearted, as he thought so
deeply about something or other.

With nothing else to do, Ana sat down holding her knees, too, and she
gazed vacantly out at the desert.

There was nothing but light and shadow and sand.

Gently rising hills and gently sloping valleys...it seemed to make one's
perspective go funny. And to the very end, it was such an awfully plain
and boring landscape.

If she kept looking and stayed perfectly still, she got the feeling that
the sand was slightly, very faintly...moving. As if it were some huge
creature, living in a time and scale completely different from humans.
Like a star -- a thing that could both live and die. Something like a
desert could surely be born, could grow, and could eventually perish.
She wondered which stage of life this desert was in now. Was it elderly,
was it young...or could it even be a baby?

\emph{......A baby......?}

Ana opened her eyes and looked all around. Then she cupped her hands
around her ears and strained to listen.

``What is it?'' Ken asked, turning towards her on alert.

For a short while, without answering, Ana sat very still, tensed her
shoulders, closed her eyes, and tried to concentrate. But there was
nothing.

``......It must have been my imagination.''

With a little ``\emph{phew''}, she relaxed, as a few beads of sweat
appeared on her skin.

``What was it?'' asked Ken.

``I heard a baby crying,'' she replied. ``Or at least, I thought I
did.''

``A baby?''

``Yeah.''

``You sure it wasn't a cougar or something?'' said Ken.

``......I guess it could have been, yeah.''

Ana nodded in agreement, but she really didn't think it had been a
cougar. In fact, it hadn't been just a regular cry, either. It had
called Ana's name. And it was loud and intense, like a child crying for
their mother.

\textbf{{[}{[}``Anaaa, Anaaa, come here, come here quickly, please, It's
over here...over here!''{]}{]}}

But it had been her imagination...it had to be. It was too hot to even
think straight, anyway. In these conditions, illusions and
hallucinations weren't uncommon.

But just as Ana gave a little sigh...

``Uuhh......what is \emph{that}?!''

Ken was pointing at a certain spot in the sky, and she could see
something...many, \emph{many} somethings, gleaming and sparkling in the
light of the sun!

These things were flying in zig-zag motions and were gathering together
in geometric shapes and patterns. They seemed to be going through a
series of maneuvers or exercises, as each member of the group joined in,
and it looked like they were doing some kind of roll-call. If she held
her eyes steady and really focused, she could see that each one looked
the same, and she could also see that they were made of some kind of
metal and were shaped like giant dinner plates flipped upside-down.
There were ten, twenty...no, way more than that. And that number was
growing steadily!

``They're flying saucers!!'' Ken said, his blue eyes suddenly wide open.

``You mean UFOs?!'' Ana cried. ``Are they those enemy aliens?''

``I don't know. They could be. And damn, if we don't know how far away
they are, we don't know how \emph{big} they are......ugh, this is bad.
Come this way, we have to hide!''

``Right!''

The two of them lifted Lloyd's body from either side, slid down the
incline of the dune, and flattened themselves against the shadowy side
to try to hide from the flying saucers.

\emph{I wonder if the sand we sent flying is hepling to hide us, too.}

``W...wha...mff. What, what's happening?!''

Lloyd had finally woken up.

``\emph{SHH!''}

Ken held his finger up to his lips.

``Lie down,'' he said. ``Cover yourself in sand if you want. We have to
hide.''

``Are there enemies?'' Lloyd asked.

``Flying saucers.''

``Flying saucers?!'' Lloyd cried. ``I wanna see.''

``Hey, get your head down, you idiot! Hey, hey Lloyd!''

Before Ken even had time to reach out and grab him, Lloyd was already
doggy-paddling on all fours up through the sand, but...

``Please, don't move!''

...With just one look at Ana's dead-serious expression, he came to a
full halt.

``Stay where you are!'' she whispered. ``Stay calm, and stay still.
There's a scorpion.''

``A s-scorpion?!''

Under glasses that had slipped halfway down his face, Lloyd suddenly
looked as though he might cry. He turned his head slowly, and to an
impossible degree which threatened to twist the skin right off his neck,
and looked in the direction that Ana's eyes indicated...and then he saw
it. About one to two inches away from Lloyd's ear was the rage-filled,
red little thing, with its head held low and its long tail wriggling and
twitching in an irritated way, calculating the timing for its attack.

With a gulp, Lloyd closed his eyes.

``P...p...please do something!''

``You're okay,'' said Ana, sternly. ``Just don't move!''

With her eyelids half closed she began to concentrate hard, gently
reaching out a hand, in a spiritual sense, to the scorpion's mind.

``It's alright. You're okay. What a good little one. You don't have to
be afraid,'' Ana murmured.

The scorpion looked bewildered. After all, it is a strange sensation to
be petted by the very air itself.

``You wouldn't gain anything by stinging this boy,'' she continued.
``You'd only be left with an unpleasant memory. You have the upper hand.
You're going to be alright. So please don't show off your strength
here.''

The twitching rhythm of the scorpion's tail slowed by a tiny bit.

``We're sorry,'' Ana said. ``It's all our fault. We scared you. We
didn't mean to invade your territory. It's just that we didn't know. It
was an accident. We'll be gone soon. And we won't come back. So for now,
just ignore us. ...Okay?''

The scorpion stopped moving and tilted its head. This was the first time
some unknown human had spoken to it. And of course, it was also the
first time it had ever been comforted so soothingly by such a gentle
caress.

Normally, any unfortunate fellow who so much as slightly inconvenienced
or irritated the scorpion was immediately introduced to some nasty
poison.

\ldots What should it do this time?

The scorpion was stumped. And because it was so perplexed, its body
relaxed.

Ana smiled lightly, wiping sweat from her brow with one hand.

``It's okay!'' she said. ``You're safe now. Lloyd, come down slowly.
Very slowly. And definitely try not to scare the little one!''

``Aahh...here?''

``Yes, right there, lower yourself down, slowly.''

The scorpion sensed that something large had begun to move. And the
large thing's shadow, which had been covering the scorpion until now,
began to pull away swiftly.

With a start, the scorpion's tail began to quiver. But without a
moment's delay and without a word, that gentle thing that was like air
itself began to soothingly pet and caress its back, its toes, and all
over its body. Spellbound, the scorpion missed its chance to strike.

``Thank you,'' the thing that was like air said.

``You are very kind, Mister Scorpion, and you are very brave. Thank you
very much. Please take care of yourself. Goodbye.''

The thing that was like air patted the scorpion lightly on its forehead,
and then vanished.

\textbf{``Hyyyyaaahhhh!!''}

There was no time to avoid it, or to stop it, or to do anything.
Suddenly, like a home run ball crashing through an electric scoreboard,
the scorpion's tiny, red body was sent flying into the distance.

``How...how could you do such a thing?!'' Ana cried.

With both hands balled into fists, she pounded over and over again on
his back, and Ken was taken by surprise.

``Ow, ow, ow, ouch, ow, hey stop it, what gives?!''

Curling himself up defensively, he turned to face Ana.

``What is it?'' he cried. ``What are you so upset about?''

``You jerk! Ken, you're a jerk!''

Ana started throwing fistfuls of sand. Her goal was to blind him, but
since the agile Ken so easily dodged it all, she started using her hands
like shovels to barrage him with sand instead.

Ken finally gave up his resistance and was covered from head to toe in
sand, blinking his eyes rapidly in astonishment.

``That little one was so well behaved,'' Ana cried. ``It was being so
good and obedient. If it was attacking, that'd be one thing, but it was
doing nothing, absolutely nothing wrong, so why would you do something
like that?! You jerk! You thug, you...you advocate of violence!''

``B...because...it was...a scorpion?'' Ken cried, incredulous.

``It wasn't an enemy!''

``...But...''

\emph{Aah, oh my goodness! }Ana thought.

\emph{This is different from the animals being controlled by the aliens
and acting strangely. It was a living being. A companion on this same
earth. In this wide, boundless desert, it was the one and only living
thing we happened to encounter.}

\emph{If only we had kept our distance, it would be fine, we could
coexist peacefully. But when these creatures pose a threat, or are a
hindrance, or cause trouble, does he suddenly hate them? Does he not
care how they are taken care of, even if it means wiping them out
completely?}

\emph{I just can't believe he suddenly smashed it with his bat like
that. That is not at \textbf{all} how an Ally of Justice behaves!}

``You're a bully!'' Ana cried. ``A coward! You're no better than a...a
tax auditor!''

``But you still haven't explained \emph{why,}'' said Ken, his nostrils
flaring.

``You little brat! You just keep insulting me. You're always all riled
up for no good reason. I figured it was just all your girly
sensitivities, but now I have no idea what it is. You need to quit
picking fights with me.''

``Picking fights?!'' she cried.

``Yeah, you heard me,'' Ken replied. ``And if that's not what it is, I
think the heat and the boredom have gotten to your head. Quit screaming
at me in that high-pitched, irritating voice of yours. The world doesn't
revolve around you. Your PSI ability level may be high, I'll give you
that. But that doesn't mean you're always right about everything. And
you're really pissing me off. Don't think I'll always be so gentle with
you.''

``\emph{Gentle?} Who are you calling gentle?''

Ana lifted her eyes to the heavens.

``Oh, Lord. Please forgive this child. For he understands absolutely
\emph{nothing}.''

``...Are...are you...\emph{praying} for me right now?!''

``Guys...guys, please! The enemies are coming. They're going to find us,
we have to hide!''

``Dammit.''

``Oh, that's right.''

In a panic, Ana flattened herself against the dune, slowly inched
herself away from Ken, and watched.

It looked like the whole fleet of saucers had finally assembled. Like a
flock of migrating birds, they flew about in perfect formation. Every
now and then, one would flicker in the light, as if it were winking.

But where on earth were they going? And what were they intending to do
in such a large group...? The direction they were so purposefully headed
in, that was...it was towards Merrysville, wasn't it? That was where Ken
and Lloyd's homes were.

\emph{Don't tell me they plan on attacking a big city like that...}Ana
thought, but she didn't say a word out loud.

Shadows fell one after another over the upturned faces of the young boys
and girl as the saucers passed by. Their sworn enemies, these three
Allies of Justice, were right under their noses, and yet they didn't
seem to notice. Or could it be that they were perfectly aware, but
choosing to ignore them? It was as if they just weren't concerned about
them at all. Maybe they didn't have time to be picking fights with
little kids, because it just so happened that they had a more important
mission to be focusing on right now. If that was the case, that trope
has been thoroughly ridiculed in the past.

But right now, the three of them had no idea what they could even try to
do.

Ana quietly reached out with both hands, and on her left side she
clutched the elbow of Lloyd's jacket, and on her right side she grabbed
the bottom of Ken's shirt.

However, neither of the boys made a single move. For a long while, they
stayed perfectly silent. Their eyes flashed and they held their lips
tightly shut as they stared intently at this gathering of enemies
cruising by at such a leisurely pace (or so it appeared -- they were
probably going by so much faster, in reality).

On either one of their profiles, the word \textbf{``Frustration''} was
plainly written in clear, gothic font.

And so were ``Damnit!'', ``Those jerks!!'', ``I hate them!'', etc., etc.
......Things that don't translate so well into written words, because
they all end up sounding far too dispassionate.

At this point, Ana couldn't help but think, ``\emph{thank goodness''},
and she even felt relieved, because at least they wouldn't have to fight
them right now. But this also made her feel just a little ashamed, just
a little disgusted, and just a little envious. Truly, boys were such
uncomplicated beings. It would definitely be simpler to live as one.
More so than a girl, anyway.

Each of them had their own thoughts to worry over, so for a short while
none of them noticed it, until...

``W-what's that?''

Again, Ken was the first to see it, and he stood straight up without
even realizing it. Perhaps he was far-sighted, as his eyesight seemed to
be well above average across long distances.

``Look there, at the end of the line!''

As he said this, she looked up, and sure enough, at the back of the
flock of saucers she could see a small black silhouette, like a tiny
little speck, or a bird. It was as if a sparrow had gotten confused and
began following closely behind a family of spot-billed ducks, or like a
young mackerel was trying to race with a whale, or...no no! It was as if
a row boat was trying to follow after the HMS Queen Elizabeth. Lagging
so far behind the cruising pack, she got the feeling it was gasping for
breath as it tried so desperately to follow along.

``...It looks like a plane,'' Ana murmured.

``\textbf{It's a Model DP44 Tactical Fighter-Bomber Military Transport
Plane!!''}

...Ken shouted, sending a huge shower of spit flying in every direction.

``I thought it was just one of those dirt-cheap gliders at first, but
it's not...ohh, I can't believe my eyes, what luck! I got to see a
working DP in flight, I'm overwhelmed. I'm in shock. ...I can die
happily, now!''

Ken was choked up and teary-eyed in a way that was both completely
overboard and yet not at all a joke, meanwhile Ana was still shocked
that he could identify the exact model of something that, to her, looked
like nothing but a speck. But she hid her amazement with a question.

``So what's the big deal?''

``The big deal is this,'' Ken began. ``It flies steady at either
ultra-low speeds \emph{or} supersonic speeds, its wings can be folded up
so that it can take off and land in thin spaces the size of your average
helicopter, it has an inertial navigation device, a radar scope, and the
ability to load several thousand air-to-air or air-to-surface missiles
fully automatically, but its real purpose is to transport fighters...so
for example, fifty fully armed soldiers can safely and reliably
parachute down to their designated landing site from a height of
twelve-hundred feet, and if you think that's all it can do, you're dead
wrong, because once you take hold of the yoke of that revolutionary
mounted gun, you're the star of the air force, the trump card of
guerrilla warfare, the bringer of certain death, the absolute
\emph{champion} of the battlefield that no enemy can match, the very
embodiment of the catch phrase, ``Go ahead, make my day''...like that
guy says in \emph{Dirty Harry}!''

All of this was said in one breath, and he still hadn't recovered from
his excitement so he was panting heavily...which was probably bad for
someone like Ken.

Finally, Ana spoke up.

``That's...uh...?''

Lloyd chimed in, too.

``Ah, so Ken's a military nerd, huh. ...That's kind of worrying.''

``......Awww......is that so bad?'' Ken replied. ``...Ohh, but anyway,
the shape it was in...ohh, how heartbreaking...ohh hoo...''

Ken's head drooped so low it looked as though it might fall off
entirely. The way that DP-whatever-it-was was flying now truly belied
its bygone glory days -- staggering, doddering, and faltering as it
went.

In the end, no matter how amazing Ken had made the thing sound, it was,
after all, an old-fashioned weapon now.

The three of them had no real understanding of the violent wars from so
long before their time. During a time of peace in a post-war world,
those types of powerful weapons were all broken down for their various
parts. The ones that were not destroyed ended up in museums and
historical archives. There was no one left who knew how to repair them,
and if you messed with them the wrong way, they could explode, so they
had become nothing but over-sized, bulky junk, and most people saw them
as more of a nuisance than anything else.

But, with all that considered, the fact that this one could still fly,
at least for now, made it very valuable.

So then, wasn't it a truly absurd scene to witness, this old antique
bravely challenging such a massive group of enemies to a fight, all on
its own?

Finally, as Ana looked on with her heart pounding, she clasped her hands
instinctively together to pray......and ironically, that was right when
the DP-whatever-it-was began to fly erratically. Its altitude dropped
and its speed fell. With a poof, it expelled a cloud of smoke that
looked remarkably like a fart. Naturally, it began to fall farther and
farther behind the enemies it had been following. Before long, its nose
was shaking and wobbling unsteadily and it didn't look like it was going
to stop, one of its collapsible wings snapped backwards with a
\emph{crack!}, and in the blink of an eye it fell into a spin. The last
of the saucers stopped right where it was, as if it was taken aback by
all this, and it seemed to watch the struggling and suffering DP in
silence (surely the aliens inside it were having a conversation like,
``Hey, hey now...'' and ``What was he trying to do?'' and ``He gave it a
decent shot, at least'', Ana found herself thinking). And before long,
as if one of the saucers which had gone on ahead had scolded it for
lagging behind, it rushed back after the group in a panic, and then it
was gone.

``It...it's going down!!!''

Was it Ken whose heartbroken cry she heard? The DP seemed doomed to be
flattened against the sand any minute now, but then its wing snapped
itself back into place, its nose righted itself, and its fuselage
straightened back up. But since nothing could be done about its
altitude, it seemed to be attempting an immediate emergency landing. The
three of them all gave a sigh of relief, until......oh, it wasn't
heading straight for them now, was it...? ...It sure was -- that gently
sloping dune they had been hiding near was apparently also going to make
for a great crash-landing site!

``W......wuaaagh......!''

``Yaaaaaaah!''

Lloyd ran, and then Ana ran. With so much force that their knees almost
hit their chins. The sand made running impossibly difficult, and if they
turned to look, they could see the nose and cockpit of that DP, looking
so strangely like a cheerfully smiling cat, getting closer and closer,
larger and larger, frame by frame, until it was the only thing they
could see.

\emph{Ooh, we have to run to the side!}

By the time she realized this, she was already running so fast that
suddenly changing direction would be difficult and she'd probably fall.
On top of that, even if they ran to the side, they wouldn't be able to
avoid being mowed down by the wings. The metallic, thunderous roar was
deafening. She could hardly control her legs.

\emph{Should I use my PSI powers?!}

She hadn't even checked to see Ken's reaction. With a start, she turned
her head to look at him, and was horrified. Ken was at the very top of
the dune, bracing his legs and holding both of his arms out wide. As if
he planned to stop the DP-whatever-it-was with his bare hands......!

``\emph{\textbf{Ken!''}}

Her frantic voice was drowned out by the approaching roar. Without a
thought, Ana tried to go back for Ken, when...

"Get down!" Lloyd yelled, and he tackled her.

Ana crashed into the sand face-first, and she felt herself being held
down tightly. Suddenly her face went stark white, as the sound, the
shadow, and the sensation of something huge and bulky passed over them,
just above Lloyd's back.

\emph{Aah...dad, mom!}

Suddenly, all sorts of thoughts filled Ana's head.

\emph{At a time like this, I wish there was a boy I loved who I could
call out to, first. I wonder, should I call out to Ken, or Lloyd, or
someone else? And also, when a person is about to die, they're supposed
to have flashbacks of all their memories from the time they were born up
until that very moment, but I can't think of a thing. How strange. I'm
really not seeing anything. What a shame, is my memory really that bad?
Anyway, what's the hold up? Death sure is taking its sweet time. Oh,
maybe that's it... Supposedly, when you're dying, one second isn't a
second at all, it feels much, much longer. How awful. I wish it would
hurry up and just happen already. Oh no, don't tell me you can't die
until you remember everything. If I try to remember things in a panicked
rush, the angels will say, ``Hey now, you got that one wrong!'' when
they check my answers...Waah, that's so strict. It's hopeless if they're
testing me on everything up to my death. I'd rather just...be dead...oh,
it's no use. If I don't find a way to recover my memories, I'm just
going to be scolded. ....Oh, glorious angels? I'm sorry, okay? Are you
there?}

She softly opened her eyes, and saw something yellow.

Yellow...it was sand.

That same sand, sand, and more sand, burning in the afternoon sun. The
most common feature to be found in the Yucca desert...that's what she
was seeing.

She lifted herself in a panic, and Lloyd rolled limply off of her back.
He had passed out yet again, the poor thing.

And then, Ana looked around.

With his back to her, and still standing frozen in the same pose she had
seen him in last, there he was -- that total idiot. Wind blowing across
the desert sand ruffled his golden hair and made his dust-covered shirt
flap and flutter. And all around, there was total silence.

He went to retrieve his baseball cap, which had flown off, but Ken was
still not in his right mind. His blue eyes were wide, and he wore a
joyous grin that really showed off his teeth. He looked as though he'd
gone completely mad. The plane's nose had come to a stop only an inch
away from Ken's own.

``...That...idiot...''

He didn't really think he possessed super-strength, and could have
stopped a flying plane with his bare hands, did he? Or was it that he
had a life-long dream to be crushed to death by one of his beloved
DP-whatever-things...?

\emph{How irresponsible of him.}

\emph{Did he even consider that the peace of the world was at stake?}

With a little plop, Ken returned the baseball cap to his head, and then
his expression suddenly went funny, his knees buckled, and he collapsed
onto the sand.

At the same time, the cockpit's window...or door...or whatever you call
the thing a cockpit has, opened, and someone wearing goggles and an
aviation cap stuck their head up from inside. This someone, their voice
small and full of worry, asked,

``Did I hit him? ...Is he...?''

``Nahh.''

Ana shook her head.

``He's fine. He just passed out.''

``Oh, oh thank God. That's a relief. They would have suspended my
license. Hoo-hoo-hoo. Well then, alley-oop!''

His bony body creaked and cracked as he climbed down. It was an old man
with white eyebrows and a matching mustache, who looked every bit the
part of an old-time airplane pilot.

``My name? Well, that's something I don't remember anymore. But you can
just call me the old man of the desert.''

The old man had a nose like an eagle's beak, and it wiggled and twitched
as he poured himself a second cup of hot coffee.

That's right. Coffee. An after-dinner coffee, to be specific.

The three of them had been treated to a full meal, right in the middle
of the desert.

This was because Lloyd, once he had recovered from his fainting spell,
had quickly managed to fix the plane's computer system, which had
somehow gone haywire. It was also thanks to Ken, who barraged the old
man with a continuous stream of questions and compliments about the DP,
which both stumped and flattered him. And as for Ana, of course, she was
a very cute little girl, and that had enough merit in itself to earn her
an invitation.

As soon as the plane was in flying condition again, they hopped in and
headed straight to the old man's home, a former secret military hideout.
The facilities were for the most part out-of-order, and here and there
the roof had fallen in, but it still provided shelter from the rain and
fog, and had access to news broadcasts and means of communication with
the outside world. So Ken immediately contacted his father. Ken told him
all about the huge number of flying saucers they had seen, and his
father had replied in a nervous voice, saying, ``\emph{Hang in there''}.
Plenty of food and other necessities were stored here and were readily
available. The sun had gone down, so they were using hand-held lanterns.
The lantern oil smelled a bit, but drinking coffee in the ring of
blazing light cast by the flames made for a very lovely atmosphere.
Their four shadows stretched and flickered across the walls of the old
ruined base.

``So many of the men who were under my command back in the old days're
at rest right here, in this desert. That's why I've never been able to
bring myself to leave. I guess in other words, I'm a grave-keeper, of
sorts.''

The old man spoke in a low voice, with a faraway look in his eye.

``Do you know...what's going on, all over the world right now?'' Lloyd
asked.

``Ah, vaguely.''

``Well, do you think you could lend us that plane, for a little while?''

``What are you saying?!'' Ken shrieked.

``We can't just \emph{borrow} something that valuable!''

Ken seemed to be acting more polite than usual in front of this old man.

The old man shrewdly lifted one of his eyebrows, and from between rather
prominent rows of eyelashes he glared quite conspicuously, casting his
eyes onto each of their faces in turn...then he spoke, in a low voice.

``Tell me. Tell me what you three've got going on.''

And so, each taking their turn, the three of them told their story.
Every now and then, the old man would cut in with a brief question, but
the explanations became gradually more and more complex. Any time they
brought body or hand gestures into the mix, their shadows would lengthen
and shrink across the wall, and these shadowy companions would either
fight with or embrace one another.

``...I see.''

When the story was over, the old man fell silent. His eyes, deep-set in
wrinkles under white brows, were tightly closed, and for a long while,
he didn't move at all.

The three of them quietly looked back and forth at one another.

``I think he fell asleep,'' Lloyd said softly.

``We definitely wore him out, I'm sure,'' Ana said, nodding.

``That's how it is. Old people go to sleep early and wake up early,
so...''

Just as Ken started to say this, the old man glared at him, and Ken,
flustered, shut his mouth. The old man put his hand to his chin and
leaned forward.

``I'm amazed. You three're truly formidable kids. I really want to help
you out, but I just can't hand over my precious Halley. For one thing,
it's not in the best shape anymore. It has almost no fighting ability
left, and it can't be steered by someone who isn't familiar with its
quirks. That said, I can't leave the desert, myself.''

The three of them nodded reluctantly.

Ana was very disappointed. She'd been thinking about how wonderful it
would have been to work together with this old man and his
DP-plane-thing from now on. \emph{And am I the only one of us who had
such a naive and optimistic thought? }She wondered.

``But. I don't think I'd mind personally escorting you all to somewhere
you'd like to go, anywhere at all.''

``Are you serious?!''

``Ahh!''

``Oh-ho, we're so lucky! ❤''

``I get to ride in a DP again...I'm...I'm so happy!''

The old man smiled when he saw how delighted the three of them were.

``Well then, where am I taking you?''

``Oh, definitely Mount Ito...'' Ken began to say, but he hesitated.

``Wait, we can't go there. There's no use. We haven't completed the song
yet.''

``Oh that's right, that's right. You kids said you were looking for
fragments of a forgotten song, didn't you? Well it turns out, I might
know just the kind of place where one of them might be."

``Really?''

``We should go, now!''

With their lanterns in hand, they headed outside. They went around to
the back of the base, and came to something like a greenhouse. It was
cluttered with both overgrown vegetation and plants that had withered
and died. Little lizards and all kinds of spiders, surprised by the
sudden light and the sound of footsteps, darted about and ran to and
fro. This was probably meant to be a self-sustaining source of food at
one time. There were things that looked like tomatoes and things that
looked like cucumbers, and it appeared as though they were still being
properly cared for. The place was clearly man-made, but from what could
be seen in the dim light of the lantern, it seemed more like a bizarre
forest from some other dimension.

They followed behind the old man, who seemed accustomed to walking in
this jungle-like place and pushing vegetation aside so that he could
pass through, until suddenly, they came out into a huge, wide open
space.

``......Wow......''

Ana was overcome with awe.

There was an old, broken fountain with a statue of a goddess holding out
an earthenware pot as its centerpiece, and around it were hundreds of
flowers, all blooming lavishly as if they were competing with one
another. Some were huge, and some were very small. Some looked just like
spouting flames, some were gentle and round, and one even looked exactly
like a person's face sticking out their tongue. While some only had one
blossom, there were others that had many, all cascading together from
the greenhouse's ceiling to its floor like a waterfall. Each and every
one was vivid and showy, in such exotic colors and shapes. Ana, who had
been born and raised in a land of snow, had never seen flowers like
these before, except in pictures and on TV.

``......This is amazing...they're beautiful......''

``Mm-hmm. They're gorgeous, aren't they?''

Setting down his lantern at the goddess's feet, the old man twisted his
mustache proudly.

``These guys here keep me from getting too bored. \emph{Hoo-hoo-hoo}. Oh
whoops. That's right, that's right. Where did that thing get off to,
that singing cactus?''

``Did you say, singing cactus?''

``I sure did. I found it blooming right near the ancient ruins.''

``The ancient ruins?''

This old man always seemed to say all sorts of surprising things.

``Yup. These sorts of things are out there. It's not exactly the best
place for sight-seeing. It's a maze of old abandoned buildings, and
there're noisy monkeys all over it. If you really want to see the place,
we can take a little sight-seeing flight......it's about twenty minutes
southeast of here.''

As he spoke, the old man walked into the flower bed, pushed some of the
leaves and a large pot aside, and seemed to be excitedly searching for
something. But it looked as though he wasn't finding it. The three of
them pitched in to help. They spread out, examining each and every
flower carefully.

``Ahh, well y'see, I've got plenty of spare time,'' the old man said.
``I found this guy after going back for a few visits......I took it with
me and planted it in a pot, but......hmm, where did that thing go...?
Well, I guess I can't keep avoiding it. I'll have to do a little
pruning.''

``Ah! Ouch!''

Lloyd cried out.

\textbf{``}\emph{\textbf{What's wrong?}}\textbf{''}

``Oh nothing, I just got pricked by a little thorn, that's
all......uh...\emph{uwaaagh}! What the--? This one talks?!''

``Whaaa?''

``Look, look!''

Lloyd picked up a small pot. With its petals, which looked a lot like a
pair of lips, the flower in the pot began to suck on the finger he had
just injured, and Lloyd yelped. He pulled his finger away in a panic,
and the thing writhed sadly.

\textbf{"}\emph{\textbf{Feed me...}}\textbf{"} it said.

``Whoa!'' cried the old man, as he waved his hands.

``Unfortunately, that's not the one we're looking for. ...Never mind
that one.''

``But it's asking to be fed...?'' said Lloyd.

``I'm telling you this for your own good -- please just leave that one
alone.''

``Aww...''

As he put the pot back down, the flower appeared to blow a spirited and
flirty kiss at Lloyd. It seemed to have become quite attached to him. As
Lloyd stared back, seeming reluctant to leave it behind, Ana spoke to
him.

``I wonder if it's here. The Kannon flower, I mean.''

With a start, Lloyd turned to look at her.

``Oh, that's right!'' he cried. ``I wonder.''

``Would you know which flower it was, if you saw it?'' she asked.

``I'd know it,'' he replied. ``But only from the legends. The Kannon
flower has seven petals. The petals are very fragile and delicate, and
they seem as transparent as glass, but if you look closely, each one is
a different color, matching the seven colors of the rainbow. If you
crush up these seven petals and mix them together, you can make a
medicine with the power to cure any illness.''

``I see...'' said Ana. ``I don't think I've seen such a wonderful flower
here. ...Unfortunately.''

``......Yeah. I don't think it's a tropical type of flower,'' said
Lloyd. ``If anything, I feel like it's the type you would find high up
on a mountain somewhere.''

While the two of them were talking, Ken had the presence of mind to hide
that gluttonous plant away somewhere. But Lloyd had already forgotten
all about it, as he had remembered his own personal mission.

For a while after, the Warriors and the old man fervently continued
their search, but in the end, it was no use. Wherever that singing
cactus had gotten off to, it couldn't be found.

``Well, that's that,'' said the old man. ``How strange. Maybe I didn't
water it enough and it died. Or maybe it grew legs and ran away.''

``Maybe...we should go to the ruins...'' Ana muttered, and suddenly the
old man clapped his hands.

``Maybe! There're whole herds of 'em growing over there. I've got it.
How about tomorrow we take a flight down there and check it out? But for
tonight...we rest. It's well past beddy-bye time for good little girls
and boys, anyway. \emph{Hoo-hoo-hoo}."

Each of them borrowed one of the many sleeping bags marked with the
emblems of an army that no longer existed. The three of them settled
down a bit of a distance from the old man, all in a tight row. They put
out the lantern, and it suddenly became pitch dark.

``...Hey. Do you think we could move somewhere else?'' asked Lloyd,
after Ken had begun snoring loudly.

``...Why?'' asked Ana.

\emph{Why would Lloyd say something like that, all of a sudden?} Ana
wondered, her heart beating faster.

``Look, over on that side, there's a huge hole in the roof,'' Lloyd went
on. ``If we lie down under it, I bet we'd be able to see the stars.''

``Ohh, good idea!''

Stars, stars, stars, stars, and more stars...

Goodness, what a wonderful starry sky it was.

It looked as though someone had spilled countless precious jewels onto
pure black velvet. There were so many stars that the constellations she
was used to seeing weren't easy to spot right away. The Milky Way truly
lived up to its name -- it looked just like creamy milk. There were no
electric lights to interfere, and the desert at night was unbelievably
cold compared to the desert during the day. Because of this, the
atmosphere became very clear, and it created a perfect environment for
stargazing.

For a while the two of them looked on without saying a word, as shooting
stars left streaks across the sky...one, and then another, and then they
faded away.

``Well, since we can see Orion, then we probably can't see Scorpio.''

Lloyd spoke softly under the dim starlight.

``...And speaking of Scorpio...'' he went on. ``Thank you, Ana, for what
you did earlier today. It's my fault you got in that fight with Ken, I'm
sorry.''

``It's okay. Don't worry about all that,'' she replied.

``...Here on earth......'' Lloyd began, then he hesitated.

``Hmm?''

``......Here on earth, there are one-point-five million different
species of living creatures, and five billion people. And when I think
about myself among them, it makes me feel so tiny. I'm only one out of
five billion, and those five billion are only one species out of
one-point-five million species, so in the end, whether I live or I die,
the world would be relatively indifferent to it. I had resigned myself
to this. I thought it was kind of a cool way to feel about it.''

While Lloyd looked straight above them through his glasses, Ana watched
him, motionlessly. Seeing him like this, laying right beside him, she
thought he looked kind of charming.

``But...''

Sensing her gaze, Lloyd turned towards her and smiled shyly, and he
gently touched Ana's hands, which were folded over her chest.

``...I don't want to die a meaningless death anymore. Because I met
Ken...and...because I met you.''

``......Lloyd......''

``Hee hee... That was a little corny, wasn't it?'' Lloyd chuckled.

"Maybe,'' Ana replied, playfully.

``Well, I did decide on one other thing.''

Turning back to look at the starry sky, Lloyd fumbled with Ana's hand,
and he squeezed her fingers.

``This world...I'm going to protect it...!''

Ana looked at the stars. And she squeezed back. Tightly. So tightly...

At some point during the night, Ken was woken up by his own atrocious
snoring, and he was surprised to find that the other two were no longer
beside him. He looked around, and saw that for some reason, they were
sleeping all the way across the room, right next to each other.

Ken stared at the ceiling, and thought to himself for about ten seconds.

And then, with a little sigh, he flopped himself over onto his belly.
While still in the sleeping bag, and using both hands to crawl across
the floor like an alligator, he moved himself over to where the other
two were sleeping and lined himself up with them, and then he flopped
himself back over again.

``......Whoa......''

Ken's face broke into a wide smile as he noticed the starry sky.

``There it is.''

From the windows of the cockpit which had been cutting-edge technology
so many years ago, they could see the reddish-brown ruins. The old man
returned the goggles to his head and righted his posture.

``We are beginning our final descent now. All personnel please make one
final inspection, then return to your designated positions for
landing.''

``...Huh?''

``What does that mean?''

``Eh, it's just pilot jargon. Don't worry about it. Anyway, down we
go.''

``Uwaaauughh!''

The fuselage suddenly tilted, cutting its way down through the air. A
terrific amount of g-force flattened the Warriors against their seats.
It felt just like a roller coaster. All of Lloyd's hair stood straight
up. Ken threw his arms into the air gleefully. And Ana felt just a
little sick.

Circling left and then right as if in a dance, the old man skillfully
flew them down just over the ruins, and gave a prideful thumbs-up.

``Would'ja look at that? Maybe yesterday we weren't feeling so great,
but it looks like me and my Halley, we haven't gone senile just yet!
Wahahahahaha!''

When they finally had their feet back on solid ground, Ana was shaky,
and wasn't able to stand straight upright. She crouched and held her
forehead, waiting for her dizziness to clear, when suddenly...

\textbf{{[}{[}``Ana! It's here. Deep in the ruins!''{]}{]}}

\textbf{}...She heard it again. That baby's voice.

\textbf{{[}{[}``The secret passageway to Magicant is in here. Search for
it. You }\emph{\textbf{must}}\textbf{ find it. Stay strong,
Ana!''{]}{]}}

\textbf{``}Well, this is it. The singing cactus.''

The old man spoke, and Ana suddenly turned to look.

Near the ground all along the outer wall of the ruins there were many,
many cactus, all with deep red blooms, and all in a row. And if they
stood still and listened closely, they could hear that they were all
humming one very short melody. A melody that was somehow melancholy and
nostalgic.

They had found the fifth melody that they needed to bring to Queen Mary!

``Now there are only two left!'' said Lloyd.

``Ohh, this is awesome!'' cried Ken.

``Alright, so let's go!''

``Yeah, do you think you can take us to Youngtown, right away?'' asked
Ken.

``Oh, of course!'' said the old man.

``Wait......!''

Ana's voice stopped the boys (and the man) in their tracks as they began
to climb the steps into the DP, and they turned towards her, puzzled.

``...We need to go into these ruins!'' she said.

``Huh?''

``Why?''

``There was a voice,'' Ana replied. ``It's the one I heard before, too,
the one that sounds like a baby. There's some sort of secret inside the
ruins, and someone is asking me to find it!''

The boys (and man) exchanged looks.

``...It is possible that...'' Ken began, knitted his brows. "...you're
just still feeling sick from the plane ride?''

``This is different. It's not like that at all!'' she cried.

``Is that so...? You were feeling pretty bad before. If you don't want
to ride in the plane again, you can just say that.''

``Look here, little miss.''

The old man undid the chin strap on his aviation cap and slid his
goggles aside, and he turned towards Ana with a very serious look on his
face.

``That place is a complicated mess of a maze. Now I admit I've only seen
the first level, and even then I only gave it a little peek and stayed
very close to the exit, but those ruins are very old, and quite frankly,
they're a little creepy.''

``I don't mind,'' said Ana, stubbornly. ``Even if that's true, I still
have to go.''

Ana's pallor was still somewhat green, and she still felt queasy, so she
wasn't able to explain herself as politely as usual.

``Ken. Lloyd.''

She looked directly at them. And she hit both of them with a glance that
said it all.

``Don't you understand? I can feel it. I can definitely feel it. So I
have to do this. Please. Please, come in there with me.''

``Uhh......''

``Well, if you say so, Ana.''

One by one, the boys came back down the steps and stood at Ana's side.
The old man had a pained expression on his face, and he moved his mouth
a few times, but no words came out.

\emph{He probably feels lonesome, since he is about to be all on his own
again}, she thought, but it couldn't be helped. They were Warriors, not
volunteers meant to be company for old folks who were living alone.

It's strange how the more you hesitate to part with someone, the more
painful it becomes.

``We'll always be so very grateful to you.''

Ana bowed her head. Her own voice sounded somehow so cold to her.

``We'll never forget you, old man. Please, take care of yourself.''

``Hmm.''

The old man pinched the tip of his nose, and seemed to be thinking about
something for a short while, but finally, all that came out was,

"I don't know what you're aiming to do, but...I wish you luck."

\emph{What kind of people would build a place like this? What kind of
civilization or religion leaves this kind of thing behind?}

The passageways within the ruins cruelly twisted and turned, so that the
way in which one place was connected to another was always astounding.
They would have to go through huge, annoying detours just to get to the
very next room over. And there were times where they'd make a mistake
and turn around, only to find that they'd gone through a one-way door.
There were pillars which held up no ceiling, floors that were tilted,
and rooms with only three corners. There were stairs that led nowhere,
and things that seemed like doors, but behind them was nothing but open
air. This place seemed to be designed as a perfectly terrible prank.

On top of that, the whole ruin was filled with the shifty eyes of the
many cheeky little monkeys who had gathered there. There was one who was
taking a nap, one who was yawning, one who seemed entranced by its own
palms, one who was staring motionlessly at the wall, and one who was
resting its head on its knees as it scratched at a flea. Monkeys like
those hadn't been a problem so far, but some of them were terribly
frisky and curious. They would run around at the trio's feet while they
were on the stairs and other dangerous places like that, without any
regard for safety. If they were even a little careless, these monkeys
would play tricks on them, so they had to always be on guard. The
monkeys would pull their hair, jump on their backs, fumble with their
backpacks, and take their belongings before they could even realize what
had happened. Time and time again they would chase them away, but the
monkeys would always regroup, and then out of nowhere the trio would
feel those cold little hands touching their cheeks again. The three of
them were completely exhausted by all of it.

When at last, after so much wandering and meandering, they found a set
of stairs leading down into the earth, they continued onward gleefully,
thinking for \emph{sure} they were finally heading farther into the
depths of the ruins. ...But instead, they suddenly found themselves
halfway up a narrow, cramped spiral staircase, and at that moment, they
realized they had somehow ended up back out under that clear blue sky.
Now they were at the very top of the outer wall.

``It's like an Escher,'' said Lloyd.

``...Or a Thomasson,'' Ken added.

Ana didn't know what either of those meant, but she knew that the first
one was an artist, and the second one was a baseball player (but didn't
know about the bizarre buildings and structures that were named after
him).

"I'm so sorry, but......I--"

She really hadn't expected to come out up here at all. She must have
made a mistake somewhere. Taken a wrong turn.

\emph{"Eek-eek-eek-eek-eek!"}

From all around them, all at once, the monkeys started laughing.

What if...that voice really had been her imagination from the start?

Ana became anxious. She suddenly had a terrible thought, and her mouth
popped open in shock.

What if there was someone on their enemy's side who had PSI powers, and
they had deliberately tricked her? What if, thanks to Ana's gullibility,
they had all been led straight into a trap...?

If that was the case...

The old man's plane had probably left by now, so getting out of here
would be very difficult. And it wasn't just because they'd have to set
out into the desert again. All of them were relatively weak right now,
whether they would have admitted it or not. They were exhausted. If they
were attacked while they were in this state...she was afraid to think of
what might happen.

Ana quietly glanced at the boys. The both of them had very worried looks
on their faces, but they said nothing. They seemed to have faith in
Ana's intuition. Their faces somehow seemed to imply that they thought
Ana could handle this.

Ana's heart ached. It would have been better if they had yelled at her,
or berated her. But they silently believed in her...why was that so much
worse...? Tears clouded her vision. In a panic, Ana began fiddling with
the wall and the nearby rocks, pretending that she was confidently
searching for something, and all the while she trembled terribly.

\emph{Why had I been so sure about this? Why had I been so insistent?
Even though I had a bad feeling about it all, I thought my judgment was
absolutely right. And I spoke so boldly with that in mind. They wanted
to get back on the plane, and I stopped them from doing it.}

\emph{Ken, you tried to warn me before. When you said I'm not always
right about everything...you hit the nail right on the head.}

\emph{But, I......}

\emph{No, I can't give up hope. I can't let on that I feel disheartened.
Saying "I'm sorry" won't solve anything, and if I confess my anxiety and
remorse, those two will just end up in a panic.}

\emph{Ohh, but what should I do? What \textbf{can} I do?}

\emph{If only it would call out to me one more time.}

\emph{If I could only speak with that voice......!}

Ana tried to appear as though she were filled with confidence, and as
she continued to pretend to be looking around for something, she balled
one hand into a fist, and called out with her mind as far as she could.

\emph{Oh, little "baby". Can you hear me? Can you understand? I don't
know your name. Please, talk to me one more time. Tell me which path is
the right one to take. Please, I'm begging you.}

\emph{Please help us......!}

\emph{We need you......!}

``Ah!''

\emph{\textbf{RUMBLE-RUMBLE-RUMBLE-RUMBLE-RUMBLE!}}

What the heck was that? One of the rocks that Ana had touched with her
hand suddenly started to move all by itself. Even though she had hardly
brushed it, it fell from the wall as if she had hit it with all her
might.

\emph{\textbf{RUMBLE-RUMBLE......RUMBLE......RUMBLE-RUMBLE-RUMBLE!}}

The surrounding parts of the wall began to tremble too, then suddenly, a
terrible vibration began to spread all around them. Before long, the
entire ruin seemed to be moving. The monkeys fled in a desperate rush.
Some of them screamed as they were crushed or fell from the wall. She
felt terrible for them, but there was nothing she could do.

``Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, w-w-what's going on?''

``E...e...everything's shaking. It's an earthquake!''

``We're not safe here, Ana, come this way!''

``I...I...I want to, but, a...a...all this wobbling......yaaahh!''

``Uwaaughh!''

\emph{\textbf{RUMBLE-RUMBLE-RUMBLE-RUMBLE-RUMBLE, RUMBLE!}}

\emph{It's falling to pieces! This whole place is tearing apart!}

The pathway the three of them had been standing on trembled and jerked,
then suddenly, to their dismay, it was torn into several places, and
several huge gaps appeared that led deep -- so very, very deep -- down
into the ground......

``Holy...hole!!''

This may have been a pun, but it certainly wasn't a joke.

The place where she stood now was between two giant fissures, one in
front of her, and one behind! And Ana was now all alone -- Lloyd and Ken
had been completely separated from her!

And those fissures were growing wider before their very eyes. Huge
chunks were falling from the edges of the rifts -- boulders, rocks,
pieces shaped like bricks...they all fell off one by one, tumbling down
like an avalanche. Five and a half feet gone......then ten feet......the
fissures just kept widening!

``You have to jump!'' Ken yelled.

``Jump, you moron, \emph{\textbf{JUMP, NOW!!}}''

As Ken cried out to her, he held his arms out as far as he could, but
had to keep inching back further and further, as the ground crumbled
beneath his feet.

Ana shook her head defiantly. She wasn't very good at athletics on solid
ground. She'd probably be even worse this high up. She couldn't even
move her legs. There was no way she could jump a gap that wide.

``Damn it!!''

``Huh?''

Ken threw down his backpack. Apparently he was going to try to get to
her, instead. But, even if he could, there was no point. There was
barely enough room for Ana herself to stand here, and it was getting
smaller by the second.

And yet.

Ken was still going to try.

Just like when he tried to stop that airplane with his bare hands.

Ana suddenly swallowed hard. She dug her nails into her palms. She
closed her eyes. She bent down. She ran.

And she jumped......!

The second her feet kicked off and leapt into the air, the thin platform
she had been standing on completely collapsed with a high-pitched
clatter. For an instant, in mid-air, Ana felt everything freeze to a
halt. She saw the whole desert around her in all three-hundred-sixty
degrees. The desert wind that kicked up the sand brushed against her
cheeks. Her braids, which were now so short, fluttered behind her. Ana's
travel clothes, already so stained with dust and dirt, flapped against
her arms as she raised them up at her sides.

\emph{Wind...oh, wind...please help me...take me across to the other
side......!}

She felt herself begin to fall. It was hopeless. It hadn't been enough.
She hadn't covered enough distance. She wasn't going to make it. She
felt a silent teardrop hit her cheek. Now, she was certain, she would
fall straight down...down, to the very bottom......

She couldn't help but shut her eyes tight, and so she hadn't seen Ken as
he dashed out.

And then...

\emph{\textbf{WHAM!}}

``Ouch!''

She was pretty sure her shoulder had just been dislocated. But, she had
stopped. She wasn't falling anymore.

A few little pebbles fell down into the fissure, and she could see her
legs dangling in midair, gently swaying back and forth. She was at a
terrifying height. Something red fluttered as it fell. Was that...Ken's
hat......?

Ana looked up, and she almost screamed.

Ken's face was deep red from the strain. His left hand was clutching
Ana's right wrist so tightly that it was cutting off her circulation.
His right hand was......Oh! His right hand was holding his bat. And on
the other end of it, there was Lloyd, squatting at the very edge of the
fissure, with both hands wrapped around the bat and holding on for dear
life! But...in small intervals at a time, the two of them were dropping
lower, as the bat was slowly slipping out of Lloyd's grasp. It wouldn't
be long before he ran out of bat to cling to.

"......Just...just give it up......!" Ana mumbled, as Ken gritted his
teeth and strained the muscles in his left arm trying to lift her back
to the ledge.

``We're just going to fall, we're \emph{all} going to fall this way, so
just, just let me go!''

``Shut up, and stop...stop wiggling......''

The two of them began to swing together like a pendulum. Ken fumbled
around on the cliff face with his feet, but couldn't get any footing,
because every time he touched it, it just crumbled under his weight.

``Don't say anything dumb, j...just grab on to me, or I'm gonna drop
you.''

Ana slowly reached towards his wrist with the numbed fingers of her
right hand, stretching them as far as she could. While still feeling
this was not the right thing to do, she finally gripped onto Ken's very
sweaty arm. She held on tight.

The instant they both shifted their grasp, Ken's hand seemed to twitch
from a cramp. She slipped a bit more, and a chill ran down both of their
spines. But, somehow, he managed to catch her at the very last second.

They held on tight to each others' wrists. And they did not let go.

``\emph{Pheww...''}

Ken looked defeated, as he let out a small sigh.

"Well, that's it......That's all I got."

``I'm sorry...'' Ana replied.

``Is there anything you can do with your psychokinesis...or something?''

``......I'm really sorry...'' she said again.

``Heyy...what should I do...aaaugh...this is hopeless, I can't hold on
any more, it's slipping...it's slipping!''

Lloyd's voice sounded so strained, too. Ken held the bat by its handle,
so he was fine, but the other end had nothing like that. And Lloyd was
struggling with the weight of the two of them together. What if he lost
his strength, or was careless, or if his hands became slippery with
sweat?

\emph{We'd fall, that's what.}

\emph{I shouldn't have gotten involved in all this}, Ana thought.

W\emph{hat will become of the world, of all humankind, now that Ken, the
boy meant to save the earth, is about to die helplessly, all because of
one clumsy girl?}

A fresh wave of tears began to well up in her eyes.

\emph{He needs to let me go. It should only be me who falls.}

She had her heart set on this, but before she could say it out loud...

``Hnngg!''

Suddenly Ken's arm began to tremble slightly.

``\emph{...Grrrrrahh...}''

His biceps flexed hard. The shoulders of his t-shirt bulged as though
they would burst at any moment. Where had he been hiding this kind of
strength...?

Slowly but steadily, he pulled her body upwards, and Ana was in shock.
Flustered, she grabbed on with her free hand. To Ken's neck. To his
chest.

``Hup......there you are,'' he said. ``Alright. You're doing great.''

Ken held Ana in his free arm. The circulation started to return to her
wrist, which he had been holding so tightly until now, and slowly but
steadily, she felt that odd, tingling sensation spread through her hand.
Their violent, pendulum-like swinging slowly came to a stop.

``You're very light, you know,'' he said. ``\,'Plenty of pros and cons
to that.''

His blue eyes and pure-white toothy grin were so close to her as he
smiled at Ana. And then, he suddenly became very serious.

``We pulled it off, thanks to you. Now, you have to climb up. You can
even stand on my head, it's okay."

"What?"

``Go on. Hurry up. Lloyd's exhausted.''

Boys can be really stupid, sometimes. And really thoughtless, and truly
absurd.

But they can also be very strong, and very wonderful......!

``......Come on!''

Her throat was dry, and she almost cried out in a tearful voice, but she
steadied herself. She put on a brave front. She tried to look as
determined as possible, and she nodded.

``I got it. I'll try.''

``Alright.''

Ken patted her back as if to encourage her.

Ana lifted her chin and looked up, and, first things first, she threw
off her backpack. The backpack fell, and then fell some more, and in
some long forgotten place down below, it made a tiny thud.

She steadily lifted her right foot. The first foothold she found was
apparently the belt at Ken's waist. From there she went to his
shoulders, and from there...should she really put her feet on his head?
Well, this was no time to be saying ``\emph{excuse }me'', she supposed.
Quickly and steadily, she had to climb. And then she had to pull Ken to
safety, too.

So that they would live.

So that they could fight.

She had to climb......!

Somehow, Ana was going to have to take that next step, but just as she
tried to steady her breathing...

\textbf{``Just what the heck are you all doing?''}

The three of them turned to look. Flying just above them was the old man
in his plane! And he was throwing down a rope ladder from the fuselage!
He had come back to save them!

They had been so distracted by their looming, inevitable deaths that not
a single one of them had noticed any sounds or signs of him.

``Grab on, quick, you little fools!''

The rope ladder approached them. Ana, and then Ken, quickly grabbed a
hold of it. The baseball bat, suddenly very light, snapped back and
whacked Lloyd, giving him quite a lump on his head.

``Good Lord, what a mess you were in. And you're tellin' me you guys are
Warriors, Allies of Justice...the 'Global Defense Force'?
\emph{Hoo-hoo-hoo!}''

The old man called out to them playfully over a megaphone, but the three
of them were completely out of breath, and couldn't manage any kind of
retort.

``If you want to die, you'll have to do it somewhere else,'' the old man
went on. ``I don't feel like diggin' any new graves here in this
desert.''

\emph{......Oh, that crafty old man......}

Wiping away tears and sweat, Ana took a deep breath and she raised her
head.

Then, her eyes grew wide.

``Ken! Look!''

``What is it?''

``Over there......!''

A long, thin tower rose up from the very center of the ruins. At its
peak, they could see a bell tower. And in it there was a golden bell,
sparkling and glittering in the desert sun.

But they hadn't seen anything like that here before. Could it have been
covered by all those walls, and hidden from view? A frail little
stairway wound itself around the tower, leading to its top, but to get
there, they'd probably have to try to navigate all those mysterious
entrances and exits and things like that again. Surely, something so
preciously and rigorously guarded \emph{must} be the secret of these
ruins.

``Let's go!''

``Yeah.''

Ken cupped his hand around his mouth, mimicking a megaphone, and yelled
towards the plane.

``Old man, heey! I gotta talk to you!''

``Whadd'ya need?''

``I need you to pick up Lloyd, and then take us to that tower over
there!''

``Hmph, well you don't have to be so demandin' about it,'' the old man
grumbled, before heading off at once to get Lloyd.

``This is great, huh?'' said Ken. And the other two nodded in agreement.

The old man was watching over them from the sky in his plane.

Spitting into his palms, Ken firmly gripped his beloved bat, swished his
hips a few times and got into position...then he hit the side of the
bell as hard as he possibly could.

\emph{\textbf{Boooooooonnngggggg!}}

The bell rang out. It reverberated. It echoed all across the desert.

A strange light enveloped the entire bell tower, and suddenly the three
of them felt their consciousness drifting away......

\textbf{Chapter 5 - Gifts From Queen Mary}

There was a pleasant scent in the air. They could hear strange music.
There was a warm breeze that made them feel very cozy.

Ana slowly opened her eyes, and found that everything around her was
awash in a gentle pink hue. The ground was like pink clouds. Many, many
pink veils hung down from the sky, swaying gently, and things that
looked like monochrome pink soap bubbles drifted mildly by. A small,
pink stream swiftly became a waterfall, and flowed into a light pink
pond, which bloomed profusely with deep pink blossoms that looked like
lily pads. Each and every one of the buildings, all in rows, looked so
much like adorable seashells and candies, and of course, they were all a
glittering, pearly, baby pink.

There were crowds of very small people in strangely-shaped hats, and
they gently and politely greeted one another as they went to and fro,
very much like characters in a play. And of course, their skin, hair,
and clothing were all composed of thoughtful gradations of pink.

......So this was Magicant......

She knew it from the images that had been broadcast to her. But she
could hardly believe that she was now setting foot here herself and
seeing it in person. It was like a dream. Like a fairy-tale. Like a
drawing by a very young child. Or, if you looked at it a more cynical
way, it was like a stage set for a hit musical TV program for kids. In
other words, it was all so excessively and thoroughly pure that it felt
very artificial.

It was wonderful...wasn't it?

Ana shrugged her shoulders and shifted her gaze, and was surprised by
what she saw.

Viewing all of this for the first time, Lloyd's mouth hung open, and he
appeared to be in a daze. And just behind him was Ken, who looked
unbelievably ecstatic, smiling so hard that his flushed cheeks were
pushed up against the bottom of his eyes.

The both of them seemed so terribly joyful. Clearly, they were deeply
moved by all of this. It was having quite an effect on them. Their body
language screamed, "Wow!". And, "Yahoo!". Nothing but pure pleasure.

......It was disgusting!

With a slight prickle, Ana's heart felt like it had been dipped in
something like black ink. And it felt like it was seeping in and
spreading out. In a panic, she mentally tried to rub it away, but
apparently this was the kind of blot that just got worse when it was
wiped at.

The boys really liked this world, didn't they? Like coming back to an
old town that was dear to their hearts, they felt snug and cozy, warm
and mellow, bright and cheerful.

\emph{Usually, I'd figure they'd call a place like this "girly", but I
guess I'm wrong}, Ana thought.

\emph{I'm an actual girl, and even I think going \textbf{this} far is
just tacky. Maybe they should consider this kind of thing ``boyish''
instead!}

But it was strange. Ana certainly didn't hate the color pink. In her
room back at the church in Snowman, her bed covers and curtains had been
made with pink fabric. The hair brush she always liked to use was pink,
and the cover of her diary was the light color of cherry blossoms. Her
favorite dress shoes, which looked a bit like a ballerina's, were topped
with a bow and painted with pink enamel, and she had wanted them so
very, very badly that when she finally was able to buy them, she even
held them tight when she slept - they were her precious treasure.
Clearly, under normal circumstances, she had no objection to things
being pink.

But somehow, right now, it was giving her a bad feeling. What could it
be that she didn't like, here? Was it just that there was simply
\emph{\textbf{way too much}} pink?

"Ah, it's little Ken!"

"Oh, little Ken, little Ken!"

Two girls, even smaller than the rest of the tiny people here, suddenly
noticed him. The two of them ran right over, tilting their heads in what
seemed like a precocious little greeting. They each took one of his
hands on either side and pulled at them as spoiled children might do.

"You came back, you came to see us again!"

"Let's play, let's play!"

"There's a feast for you, you know."

"...and a present, too."

"The queen is waiting for you."

"Come on, come on, let's go...to the palace!"

"Yeah, to the palace!"

"Let's go, let's go!"

"Hurry, hurry!"

They spoke faster and faster, as if it were a race. They didn't give him
time to throw in any answers, or any questions of his own.

"Okay, okay, I know, I know. I'm going. I'm going, so you can stop
pulling on me like that, right? I guess not. Aahahahahaha!"

What the? He was using such a disgusting tone of voice. He had a
strange, dreamy look in his eyes. Even his way of walking seemed
lovestruck.

\emph{...Oh, that's what it is. I'm feeling so annoyed because you two
look so completely foolish right now!}

Was it her imagination? Was Ana just biased? Ken and Lloyd weren't
acting like themselves at all. They didn't seem so brave or reliable
anymore. They certainly weren't acting like the Global Defense Force's
Allies of Justice. Their faces hadn't changed that much overall, but
somehow, now they just looked like the typical, boring kind of boys
you'd see just about anywhere you go. They seemed so childish and
thoughtless. They looked like useless good-for-nothings who could be
fine with the fact that the world was in a crisis, as long as they could
indulge themselves, feel good, and have fun for now. She felt like she
had no one to turn to, now that their faces had become so
unrecognizable. It seemed like they no longer had any thoughts about
Ana, or about much else, either.

Those overly-familiar girls were very insistent as they led Ken by his
hands, and steadily he was walking onward with them. Lloyd called after
them in a very nasal voice, something like "awwhh, wait for mee!", and
then, like a butterfly charmed by nectar, he fluttered off after them.
When they had gotten quite some distance from her, they turned around,
as though they finally remembered her. But all she got was a cold, weak
glance that seemed to say, \emph{oh, is she still there?}

And then, Ana heard something in her mind.

\textbf{{[}{[}That's weird. What is she doing?{]}{]}}

\textbf{{[}{[}If she doesn't come with us, she'll be left behind.{]}{]}}

\textbf{{[}{[}Let's just leave her then. She's annoying, anyway.{]}{]}}

\textbf{{[}{[}Yeah, she'll only start nagging us.{]}{]}}

\textbf{{[}{[}She'll just start acting all stuck up and won't let us
play around anymore.{]}{]}}

\textbf{{[}{[}Yeah, that's exactly what she'd do.{]}{]}}

...is what she heard.

Was it her mysterious powers this time? Or was it just the feeling she
was getting from them? Ana couldn't tell the difference.

Either way, it was a shock. She felt terrible.

That inky black blot had spread hazily through her whole heart, all of a
sudden. There was a strange sensation of pressure, like it was crushing
her from the inside.

What on earth was she going to do? The boys were suddenly acting like
little children.

\emph{If they really hate me so much, and think of me as nothing more
than a burden, I just want to disappear, then. All I want is to go
somewhere I can be alone for a while, }she thought, but...

...For now, she didn't want to lose sight of them. If only because being
separated from them would probably end in trouble. Somehow, she had to
return them to their original Warrior selves. Since they didn't come to
this land by any normal means, she had no idea how to even get back to
where they came from. And there were only three of them - if their
friendship was broken up by some silly quarrel, then they wouldn't be a
full set, working together and fighting as a team, and then they would
never be able to do something like defeat aliens!

\emph{That's right, this is war! There's no way to know what kind of
terrible things might happen next.}

\emph{This is no time to be stubborn, to hesitate, or to sulk.}

Ana suddenly balled up her fists, and she broke into a run.

Pink, pink, pink. Everywhere they went, no matter where they went,
everything was pink.

It was enough to make her dizzy, but Ana dug her nails into her palms
and kept on walking.

They followed a pink, hilly road, went up a flight of pink stairs,
crossed over a pink bridge, went through a pink gate, continued steadily
down a path lined with pink cobblestones, finally traveled through a
pink forest, and there, floating above pink water, they found a
spiral-shaped building, made out of what looked like enormous snail
shells. It was vaguely transparent and, as you could probably guess, it
was also pink.

It was the palace of Her Highness, the Queen.

Frolicking about like puppies, Ken, Lloyd, and those girls saluted the
guards in their pink uniforms, then went down a pink, carpeted hallway.
Falling a bit behind, Ana quickened her pace. She worried that they may
not even let her in, but in the end, it wasn't a problem.

"Good day to you!"

"Welcome."

"Welcome!"

"We've been waiting for you."

The pink hallway was lined with ladies-in-waiting, all wearing pink, and
each in turn bowed their heads in greeting. They were perfectly in sync,
moving gracefully like cresting waves, but Ana stared stubbornly
straight ahead and moved at a brisk pace. No negligence. Carelessness
for just one second can result in injury for a whole lifetime. She kept
herself tense. She had to keep her senses honed and on guard.

But this was strange.

Even though she was walking considerably quickly, while Ken's group
seemed to be joking around and not in any hurry at all, she really
couldn't seem to catch up with them. Whenever the hallway would turn, or
they ducked into a room, they'd disappear around the next corner, and
all she would see was a fleeting glimpse of them from behind. Even if
she tried to dash, as fast as she could, for some reason the distance
between them never seemed to close in. It was like they were trying to
confuse her. Like they were teasing her.

She was almost ready to call out to them and ask them to wait for her.
But that would have been embarrassing. And on top of that, truthfully,
she was afraid to.

Ana's black-ink-splattered heart twitched. She felt the whisper of a
terrible premonition. What if the boys really \emph{had} abandoned all
their thoughts and memories of her? What if she called out to them,
again and again, but they never turned around? If she caught up to them
and grabbed their shoulders, she had the awful feeling that even after
taking a good look at her, all they would say was,

"Who...are you?"

"What do you want?"

And then, would Ken's pupils no longer be that clear sky blue, or
Lloyd's that deep, prudent reddish brown, and would they instead be a
muddy, sugary shade of pink......?

Ana bit her quivering lip tightly, and sped up after them.

And then they went through one more particularly elegant door, and that
was it - their destination, at last.

At the very end of a light crimson, plum-blossom-colored carpet that
seemed to go on and on forever, there was a peach-colored throne made of
pearl. And there, draped in a remarkably glamorous rose-colored dress,
with silky strawberry-blond hair that hung down all the way to the
floor, was a beautiful woman, seated with dignified majesty, holding a
scepter that looked like it was made of coral. Ana felt overwhelmed,
even from such a distance. Such grace...such splendor....such
magnificence.

It was Queen Mary......!

"I welcome you, to this place."

Her voice was quiet, but resounding.

Ana unconsciously gasped and stopped short, and then, trembling and
stumbling, she tripped over something or other on that long carpet.
Lined up on either side of the hallway were soldiers holding out long
spears adorned with decorative cords, but rather than some shade of
pink, these cords were more of a wine-red, and it gave them the dreadful
appearance of having just finished stabbing something to death.

At the foot of a small set of stairs right beneath the throne, Ken and
Lloyd were down on one knee, kneeling chivalrously like medieval
knights. Those two girls had placed themselves on either side of the
throne, their hands folded politely.

With her eyes pointed downwards, Ana knelt towards that side of the room
and deeply bowed her head. It was humiliating, and she hated it, but she
didn't know what else she should do. If, for example, she accidentally
did something forbidden, like look the queen directly in the eyes, she
could be beheaded, for all she knew.

And then, the soldiers all raised their spears, and realigned themselves
with a great whooshing and clanking.

"Welcome back, children."

The queen's voice permeated the whole room and was absorbed like a
gentle rain falling to the parched earth.

"Please don't fret, you may raise your heads."

Ana lifted her eyes, with the intent of looking directly at the queen.

......But she couldn't do it.

Glancing at her sideways, she could see that this queen wasn't
frightening at all. Her face was very gentle, not the least bit
intimidating or fierce - not too strict, and not too cold. She was
definitely far more remarkable than someone like Ana. In status, in age,
in experience, in wealth, in power, in magic, in absolutely every way,
she was levels above Ana, by a long shot. But even so, Ana felt a
strange desire to protect her, to hold her tight and look after her. She
appeared to be the type who would surrender long before a fight even got
started.

Was this part of the queen's magic?

It seemed like no matter how tough she tried to act or how much she
resisted, you could softly swaddle such a tiny little girl like her,
head to toe, in pink cotton candy, and easily pacify her like a child.

"Please, make yourselves comfortable. This is a place that anyone may
call home, as it remains in the depths of one's subconscious, for all of
eternity. I am known as Queen Mary, and I am a mother to all children,
such as yourselves."

The queen looked each of them over one by one, and like a flower bud
softly opening, her smile grew brighter.

"I know all that has happened. You have already completed more than half
of the task I entrusted to you. Your journey has been difficult. There
were so many times that you felt hopeless. But I can see plainly that
you all remain in good health. I am very pleased. I am very grateful. So
now, please head over this way. Please rest at your leisure, and eat as
much as you like."

"......Wait, please......!"

Ana came to her senses and stood up. She had to speak her mind.

While still thinking to herself, \emph{don't do it, don't do it!}, Ana
couldn't hold it back any longer. That black thing in the depths of her
heart had grown and grown, until finally, it had burst.

"Please forgive me, I'm very sorry for interrupting you while you're
trying to speak. And I'm honored that you have allowed me to look you in
the eyes. But I...I don't understand. And I'm worried!"

She felt the eyes of every last person in the palace fix upon her and
only her. Ken's, Lloyd's...every last set of eyes turned to her, and
they were all wide with shock. How lonely it made her feel, and how
miserable...

But Ana summoned her courage, held her head proudly, and stood firm, and
while looking straight into Queen Mary's eyes, she briskly went on.

"Your Highness, it's just that...it's too peaceful here. Everything,
everywhere, is a sugary shade of pink, and looks like something out of a
dream. This place is wonderful, so much so that it's bewitching.
Everyone who lives here is so happy. It's as if there's no concern at
all for the chaos going on throughout the world right now. It's very
enviable. But we've seen them. Huge swarms of the invaders in their
flying saucers, heading towards quite a large city! We know what's going
on. And if we get distracted, the whole world is going to be destroyed!
And so I...I......"

The queen, surprised, stayed very still. Somewhat unexpectedly, it
appeared she would not answer. So Ana went on, raising her voice even
higher.

"I want to believe in this peacefulness. I want to have fun with
everyone. But I can't! Back on earth, back in our world, there are so
many people suffering right now. I believe you are meant to be our ally.
But you can't lend us the power we need to save the earth just yet,
isn't that right? So then, why...? Please tell me, why have you called
us here? Why did we have to come here now? We don't have any time to
spare, and we can't afford to lose any time, either......I just......I
just......ohh....I just want to save my mother, as soon as
possible......!"

Her throat tightened, and she wasn't able to go on, so Ana's words cut
off abruptly, and a dreadful silence fell over the entire palace. And
this continued for a painfully long time. The ladies-in-waiting, the
soldiers, the countless dozens of others, not any one of them made a
single movement.

\emph{......Well, now I've done it.}

\emph{Here comes the royal decree}, Ana thought.

Who knows what they would do to this cheeky little miss who dared to
defy Queen Mary, of all people - they might throw her out, or, far
worse, they might even have her executed! Everyone was motionless, just
waiting for Her Highness The Queen to casually lift just one finger and
give the command.

\emph{Please. Just get it over with.}

Her eyes were burning hot, but still, Ana couldn't bring herself to cry.
It was far too late now for a groveling apology, so she wouldn't even
bother.

\emph{Just give the command already!}

\emph{But no matter what, I can't let you just do whatever you want!}

"......Ana!"

She came to her senses, and Ken was standing by her side. Lloyd, too.

\emph{Are you okay?}

\emph{Stay strong, we're here with you}, they seemed to say, with a
gentle smile and a nod.

Neither one of them seemed so strange any more. In their eyes, she saw
her friends again, the ones who had fought, struggled, and journeyed
alongside her this whole time.

Clearly, they had broken free from the effects of that strange pink
haze, and the queen's mysterious magic!

Finally at ease, feeling relieved, and with her tensed-up emotions let
loose at last, Ana's shoulders began to shudder, but immediately, Ken
reached out to steady her. Lloyd quickly rushed to stand on the opposite
side of her. It was as if they meant to protect her from all angles,
should anyone try to come for her.

The three of them were side by side. A complete set. When they were all
lined up like this, it restored her faith in her companions' trustworthy
ability to work as a team.

Now their three pairs of eyes were fixed directly on Queen Mary.

They stood perfectly still and waited for the queen's response to Ana.

For a short while, Queen Mary seemed to be thinking something over, with
her fingers entwined together and held just under her tiny chin, and
then, finally, an ephemeral, lonely smile came to her lips, and she
said,

"......I understand......and certainly, I see why you feel you cannot
idle here for very long."

And yet, the queen's tone was so relaxed, it threw them off their tempo.

"But there is only one reason that I have summoned you all here. I wish
to give you gifts. I wanted to get a good look at all of your faces, as
well. I promise, I had no ill intentions."

"Our faces?"

"...Why?"

...Lloyd and Ken asked pointedly. The queen giggled, and then, smiling,
she gave a little sigh.

"Yes, that's right. And you could say, I suppose, that I'm being a
little selfish. But it is as I've already said. I am a mother to you
all. Just the same as each of your mothers who live on earth. Would it
be easier to understand if I said I am something like the essence of all
mothers, combined? Isn't it natural for a mother to miss her children?
Of course she would love them, dote upon them, and do everything she
could for them. Do you wish to portray yourselves as so self-confident
that you no longer believe you can be cared for and pampered? If that's
the case, then......oh dear, no matter how much I put my heart into it,
I would only be a bother to you in the end, I suppose."

"............"

"Well, it's fine, it's fine. It's still fine."

The queen waved her hands as if in desperation.

"They all grow up someday, and then they leave the nest. A mother's
feelings are something children just don't seem to understand. That's
just how it is. If they understood it even just halfway, no one would
ever leave on a journey, or anything like that. And then the world would
end up decaying and falling to ruin wouldn't it?"

Cutting her words short, the queen gave some sort of signal to the
nearest lady-in-waiting. The lady-in-waiting responded with a knowing
look, and left for the inner part of the palace.

"......Oh but what a shame it is. I had so many delicious things laid
out for all of you."

Ken's stomach gave a hearty growl.

"...and I had prepared such nice, cozy beds, and warm baths, too."

Lloyd gulped very conspicuously.

"I really wanted to fawn over you, to care for your every need. I
thought that such magnificent Warriors such as yourselves would need the
rest and relaxation. ......I'm sorry, Ana. You're right. It was wrong of
me to entrap you all in my own silly fears. You are all so much more
expeditious and resolute than I had even thought. You can walk on your
own. You aren't little toddlers I can hold in my lap and comfort.
But...please, I have a request. I wish that you would at least accept a
mother's thoughtful gift, without any objection."

The lady-in-waiting had returned, with some kind of large tray.

"Come, Ken."

Ken went and stood before the throne.

"I thought that you might need this."

What the queen was holding out to him was a brand new hat. It was a
baseball cap, \emph{slightly} pinkish, but mostly bright red, and it
suited Ken perfectly. Ken stepped forward, and the queen herself placed
it on his head. Just like a fancy coronation ceremony.

"This is a testimony to your strength, and your courage. While you wear
this hat, those with righteous hearts will obey and follow you, without
hesitation."

"Thank you, Queen Mary."

Ken struggled to keep from smiling, and bowed as formally as he could.

"Be careful not to lose this one."

Nodding in such a lonely way, Queen Mary quickly took out the next gift.

"Lloyd."

"Y-yes!"

"Take off your glasses."

"Huh?"

"Take these, instead. Don't worry, they'll fit you."

It was a new pair of glasses. The rounded frames were silver, with a
very slight pinkish tint. Somehow, these weren't as bulky and heavy as
his old pair. Lloyd blinked profusely for a short while, and when he
stiffly lifted his face again, he suddenly looked somewhat more mature.
It felt like his Wisdom had leveled up.

"This is a symbol of your intelligence, and your perseverance. When you
are wearing these glasses, during even the most difficult of times,
clear and helpful thoughts will always come to you, thoughts which will
save you and your companions in times of need."

"How do they look?"

Lloyd turned to them, and Ken and Ana both gave him a big thumbs-up.
Lloyd flashed a wide, shy smile, turned back around to face the queen,
and respectfully bowed to her.

"This honor is more than I deserve, Your Majesty. You are too kind."

Lloyd bowed even lower.

And then, finally, it was Ana's turn.

When she was beckoned, Ana slowly, nervously, ascended the small set of
stairs. What the queen held out to her, between her beautiful fingers,
was a glittering, sparkling necklace.

"This is a symbol of your love, and your truth. This once belonged to
me, and was one of my most treasured possessions."

A large, heart-shaped ruby glittered like a star on Ana's chest.

\emph{So, how will this be helpful to us?}

When enough time had passed that she thought the queen would not go on
speaking the way she had for the other two, Ana looked up questioningly
and met the queen's gaze, and suddenly the queen's expression became
serious, and she spoke directly to Ana's heart.

\textbf{{[}{[}Don't forget, Ana - Love is the key to all things, and
hope is the final weapon. The only one who can awaken boys from their
delusions and turn them into real men is a woman - a girl who loves them
from the depths of her heart. Fight, with all of your wisdom, your
kindness, and your pure soul...for the boys, for the world, and of
course, for your own sake......!{]}{]}}

A chill ran through her whole body. The necklace suddenly weighed very
heavily on her chest.

\textbf{{[}{[}You can't give me such an important thing. I can't keep
this. I can't handle this responsibility......!{]}{]}}

Queen Mary looked at the shivering Ana with a severe expression, and
shook her head.

\textbf{{[}{[}Don't act so spoiled, now! Where is that courage you had a
moment ago? I hope you understand, you and I are, in some ways,
clear-cut enemies. But in other ways, we are also exactly alike. So
please, before I take that thing back into my own hands...go,
now......"{]}{]}}

The queen stood up from her throne, and gave a resounding cry.

\textbf{"...to the battlefield!"}

Instantly, a stormy wind began to blow. All of the pink things dissolved
and melded together, and everything began swirling into a spiral.

"Uwwaauuggh!"

"Woaah!"

"Yaaaaahh!"

The three of them were whirled up into the air, and spun around
viciously as they were pulled into the vortex of a pink typhoon......

"......Who are they?"

"They're adults."

"They aren't old enough to be adults."

"Where did they come from?"

"I don't know."

"I don't know, either."

There was a small clamor of muttering voices, and quietly, cautiously,
they were drawing nearer. She had a sensation like being a seashell left
on a seashore, with the waves gently lapping over her now and then.

"Are they dead?"

"They might be dead."

"They're not moving."

"Are they breathing?"

"I don't know."

"Maybe we should poke them with something."

\emph{Ooof, you're so noisy. Leave me alone.}

Ana slightly shook her head negatively.

"Oh, she moved!"

"She definitely moved."

"She's opening her eyes."

"She's getting up."

"......Ohh?!"

She sat herself up a bit too suddenly, and it made her very dizzy. Still
lightheaded, she looked around and saw that she was in a forest wet with
morning dew, the sky was half covered in clouds, the sun was somewhat
dim, and she was surrounded by children, all with their faces frozen in
surprise. They were much younger than Ana, Ken, and Lloyd - they looked
like they probably weren't even in grade school yet - and there were
quite a few of them.

"......wh......who are all of you? Where...where are we?"

The young children all exchanged glances nervously. A few of them slowly
backed away. The ones that were left each in turn waved their hands as
if to say "no way". One of the girls left in the front stood very
silently, her hair a ruffled, impossible tangle of red and her nose very
small and flat (in fact, this little girl looked kind of familiar...),
and then she gave an irritated little sigh, moodily turned her face to
the side, and spoke in the most grown-up voice she could muster.

"This is Youngtown."

"Youngtown?"

\emph{It couldn't be - the place where my mother went missing?!}

When that fickle Queen Mary said something like \textbf{{[}{[}"To the
battlefield!"{]}{]}}, perhaps she knew exactly where Ana wished to go,
and sent her there with her magical powers.

"Well, do you know a lady who works with the church?"

Without even realizing it, Ana began interrogating her. The red-haired
girl's expression went from menacing to trembling, as Ana grabbed her
tiny arms and held her so tightly she couldn't get away, and pulled the
girl's face so close to hers that their noses touched.

"Do you know her? She would have come here from Snowman, she's got very
pale skin. She's kind of tall. She was coming here to bring you cakes
and clothing. Have you seen her? Do you know her? Please, do you know
her?!"

"Uw......"

The red-haired girl's face, which had been so composed and difficult to
read, slowly warped, and distorted, until it looked somewhat like a
gargoyle, and then...

\textbf{"UWAAAAAAAAHHH!!"}

...she began crying with all her might.

"Ah......I'm sorry, I'm so sorry! I'm really sorry!"

"Waaaahhh....wah, wah, waaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!"

Ana tried to comfort the girl with a hug, but it was far too late, and
she did not stop crying. The girl could do nothing but cry, and in such
a terrible way. Here and there, the other children seemed to get caught
up in it and they started crying, too. Boys and girls alike all sniffled
through quivering noses, and their shoulders trembled. There were even
some children who only shed large tears, while their faces appeared to
be frozen in shock.

"I said I was sorry! It was wrong of me to do that, I didn't mean to
frighten you all. So please, settle down a little. Wow, what do you want
from me? I'm begging you, all of you, please stop, please stop crying,
this is enough! Please be quiet!!"

"What the heck is going on?"

Parting the grass as he went, Ken stumbled towards her, dragging one of
his feet. Shaking his head with an implied \emph{"you have got to be
kidding me"} towards the very puzzled Ana, he turned to face the
children. And then, flashing a wiiiiide grin, so wide even his gums were
showing, he started to dance, and sing, in that somewhat gruff voice of
his.

\emph{This optimistic group of three -\/- Neil, Mike, and Ed}

\emph{Their first trip to the lunar world -\/- Their spirits flying
free}

\emph{But deep down, each one knows}

\emph{First-time landings, nice -\/- First-time trips home, even more
so}

\emph{Hah, oh, it was rough - rough - so rough!}

\emph{But astronauts do have fun, too}

\emph{Apollo Eleven - No feeling blue!}

He was so tone-deaf that she couldn't even begin to imagine what the
melody was originally supposed to be. He was flinging his arms and legs
around in a totally excessive and clumsy way, and on top of all that, he
was swinging and wiggling his hips in circles. ...Not quite in an
indecent way.

Ana was in complete and utter shock.

Oh, but what a beautiful sight. One by one, the children stopped crying,
and their eyes began to sparkle and shine, as they became fully
engrossed in Ken's song and dance!

\emph{This merry little group of three -\/- Neil, Mike, and Ed}

\emph{Thousands of miles away from Earth -\/- Missing home so dearly}

\emph{They hid from each other their terrible sobs}

\emph{No collect calls -\/- And no moonlighting jobs}

\emph{Hah, oh, it was rough - rough - so rough!}

\emph{But astronauts do have fun, too}

\emph{Apollo Eleven - No feeling blue!}

On the third round of "\emph{Hah, oh, it was rough - rough - so
rough!}", a number of cute little voices chimed in, their tone gradually
rising, and they sang with him. Someone even started banging on a tin
bucket they had found. One of the children plucked a piece of grass and
used it as a whistle, adding a very skillful trill to the mix. Ken
beckoned with a friendly smile to the children who still looked at his
silly face with bewilderment, and as if he were offering to hug them all
at once, he stretched his arms out as wide as they could go. The
children came running with excited cries, and joined the group. Every
one of them quickly mastered that ridiculous hip wiggle, and their faces
were truly earnest as they danced.

\emph{Hah, oh, it was rough - rough - so rough!}

\emph{Hah, oh, it was rough - rough - so rough......}

There was an extra-long refrain. All of the children were going in a
circle now, with Ken right in the middle. Their momentum was so great,
even just watching them made Ana lightheaded. One of the children fell
with a \emph{plop}, apparently from dizziness. But right away they
pulled themselves back up, and, slightly wobbly, they resumed dancing.

Not a single one was crying anymore. Even a child who's tearful wails
had been ear-piercing, with full facial waterworks including both drool
\emph{and} snot, and even a child who had been so overcome by sadness
that all they could manage to do was shiver fretfully - even they were
now doing the \textbf{"}\emph{\textbf{Hah, oh, it was rough - rough - so
rough!}}\textbf{"} part with so much vigor that their shabby underwear
was showing, as they, too, forgot themselves and danced.

Ana plunked herself down in the grass, and continued to watch this
bizarre midday festival dance. She felt she should probably leave, but
she was somehow transfixed. She knew she wasn't agile enough to try to
join them in their ridiculous behavior.

And that's when suddenly, that red-haired girl looked her way. Her gaze
met Ana's, and with a little "Hmph!", she stopped short and put her
hands on her hips. Some of the other children slammed into her back as
they continued to carelessly follow the others in that endless circle.
She shook her head as if to say, "come on, missy, you can't just sit
there!". Sassy to the very end, that one. Without much thought, Ana
turned away from her, and the girl, squaring her shoulders in fury,
stomped briskly over to her. She grabbed the hands of a very resistant
Ana, and with a little, "Come on!", she pulled her to her feet.

And that's how, finally, even Ana joined the dancing ring. At first, she
was quite embarrassed - her hands and feet moved stiffly, and she
certainly didn't dance well at all. She refused to wiggle her hips even
in the slightest. She wouldn't sing along. But steadily as she went
'round and 'round, steadily as she grew just a bit more tired, and
steadily as her head became just a little hazy, a feeling of delight
began to take over her. Her worry, her bewilderment, and that warped,
sulky feeling that in the end she was nothing more than a useless girl,
all of these things melted away somewhere, and her entire body felt
relieved and relaxed. She felt free.

It was a long, long dance. They were totally drenched in sweat. Everyone
was exhausted down to their core, and with little thuds, they all
collapsed into the grass. Or threw themselves down.

The queen's ruby glittered on her heaving chest as she panted and caught
her breath. And suddenly she felt a shock. \emph{I was just
\textbf{frolicking}. Like a \textbf{fool}. If I had dropped the ruby,
that would have been terrible. How could I......?!}

Suddenly her cheeks became hot. All of her shame had returned. She felt
like she had done something very thoughtless and senseless.

Ana's expression turned gloomy as she clutched the ruby, and then
suddenly, she felt a silent, warm pressure on her shoulder.

She turned to look, and found that Ken was lying next to her. There was
a teasing smile in his blue eyes.

"You're not good with kids, are you, Ana?"

"......It...it's not that, it's just..."

All of the children that had come to her church were always obedient,
and perfectly polite. Even if they were a little frightened, they
wouldn't just randomly start crying like that. They all listened to her
every word, like she was their big sister. Because they were such devout
little children.

But...

This one didn't even act like a typical little girl, she thought. She
started crying as if Ana had been yelling at her. If Ken hadn't shown up
when he did, who knows what would have happened.

\emph{......more apologizing?......}

As if in an attempt to comfort the crestfallen Ana, Ken patted her on
the shoulder. With the same rhythm one might use to soothe an infant.

"I was bad with kids too, at first. I have two little sisters at home -
twins. And they were annoying. I got \textbf{"Ooh, big brother" "Big
brother!" "Big brother!!" "Big Brother!!"} screamed at me in
\emph{stereo}. Drove me insane. I'd go into hysterics, which would set
off my asthma, and then my mom would shoot me dirty looks. Last year, I
wanted to buy a new uniform, so I got a part-time job. Baby-sitting.
Even though I was in Little League, I still started feeling like a
senior. There were so many snot-nosed little brats. There was nothing
else I could do. But, once I started seeing these troubles as
unavoidable, somehow, I dunno, I just kind of made peace with it."

"......Is that so?......"

"Yup."

Ken raised himself up and looked around at the grass they were sitting
in.

One by one, he looked over all of the children - tuckered out and
totally at ease, they were all sleeping, with angelic looks on each of
their faces.

"There are definitely techniques you learn along the way. Like the best
way to deal with a brat who's panicking and can't be calmed down. For
one thing, no matter how much you yell at a kid in that kind of state
telling them to be quiet, that definitely won't make them be quiet. But,
if you show them something that makes them feel a bit puzzled, something
that can distract them and gain their full attention, you'll surprise
them, and then, just like that, you can reel them in. They're actually
pretty easy. Kids, I mean."

"Most of the time, I guess."

Suddenly the red-haired girl, who had thrown herself spread-eagle on the
grass, opened her eyes with a snap.

"Oh, have you been awake?"

"Mm-hmm. They tell me I'm old for my age, and I like to think I'm pretty
tough."

She shook blades of grass out of her tangled, curly red hair, and
shrugged, with a cute and somewhat aloof gesture.

"But I still have a long way to go. I still don't deal well with shock,
apparently."

"That's for sure."

"Heh heh."

With an almost-perfect flirtatious glance, the red-haired girl held out
her hand to Ken.

"\emph{Hello\textasciitilde{}}. I'm Amy. I'm an orphan."

"Ah, that would be why you're so tough, then."

Ken gave a little nod, as he shook her hand with a wry smile.

"I'm Ken. And this is Ana."

"\emph{Hi, honey\textasciitilde! }I'm sorry for before, okay?"

"H...hi."

As she waved her fingers in greeting, Ana's mouth suddenly went stiff.
\emph{I should be the one saying sorry. Boy, this girl really
\textbf{is} mature for her age.}

"As for what you were asking me about, well, it's complicated."

Kicking out both legs and folding her arms across her chest, Amy shook
her head and said, "oh man".

"It's a long story, it would take some time to explain. And you seemed
so impatient. I just kinda gave up. I fell apart on you. Phew......well,
I'm fine now. I've always been like that, I guess. Hey, why don't you
guys come with me for a little while? You've got time for a little tea
break, right?"

"Sure. ......But, uh..."

Ken hoisted himself up, and took a quick look around.

"Actually, there's supposed to be one more of us."

"Oh I know. The kid with the glasses, right? Don't worry, he's in safe
custody."

"......safe custody?"

"He was stuck halfway up the cherry tree in the park. Getting him down
was a huge pain. To make things worse, a woolly caterpillar stung him,
which made him make a face \emph{like this}, but, Noel should be
treating him as we speak. With that kid taking care of him, you have
nothing to worry about. I guarantee it."

With a little "unf", Amy stood up and patted her backside, then she
puffed out her chest, gracefully took up the hem of her too-short skirt
between her fingers, and smiled broadly.

"It's a bit late for it now, but......Welcome to Youngtown!"

"It was a cold, cold morning, the day we realized all the adults had
disappeared."

...Amy was narrating for them.

"We...and by `we', I mean, us kids at the Dandelion Orphanage for Girls,
but anyway...we didn't realize it right away. There were forty orphans
in that place and only one adult, the director, Miss Hannigan. On top of
that, she was a bit of an alcoholic with a Cinderella complex, and she
stayed up late every night, languishing over this or that, so she always
got up pretty late in the day. We were the ones who made all the beds
and did all the cooking, so naturally, that day, we went through our
normal routines and never knew that something was off. ......But, when
we peeked out the window, the newspaper man wasn't there, and the nice
policeman who always brings us candy never made his rounds. Something
seemed funny about the shop nearby. And so we sent out Julia and Pansy
to do some scouting, and boy, were they surprised. What a crazy
phenomenon. Who could have predicted there'd be a day when the whole
\emph{town} would instantly become an orphanage?"

She had been drinking cafe au lait from a huge coffee cup. In Amy's
little hands, it looked like an oversized prop from a movie set.

"......and since then, we've all just done our best. We gave the other
kids a crash course in everyday orphan know-how. But, we also rounded up
the kids who have relatives in other towns, organized them into groups
by region, and then sent them away as soon as possible. Because, see,
communal living like this isn't all that easy, and if even just one kid
steps out of line, it throws everything out of order. There's no one so
stupid that they can't master the basics of minding their own business.
There have been a few contenders who mistakenly thought they could
become the boss here, but they've all been sorted out\ldots..."

"Sorted out how?"

Ken interrupted, and then, with a \emph{fwoosh}!, he suddenly had a tiny
fist right in his face.

"With this."

With a sidelong glance, Amy flashed a daring smile.

"Knocked 'em all out with my right-hand punch."

"I see."

"......But, you were telling us about what happened to the adults......"

"About...what \emph{happened} to them?"

Ana was leaning forward attentively, but Amy just shook her head
miserably.

"Well \emph{that} part, I don't know. In fact, I don't really know much
about this at all. A foreign exchange kid from Japan showed us this guy
Sakyo Komatsu's story 'Omeshi' and tried to translate it for us,
but......in Japan, all they ever think about are things like 'Zen' and
'Secret Buddhist Teachings', right? The only thing I know for sure...is
that I know nothing, for sure."

"........."

"Sorry. I'm no help at all."

Ana shrugged her shoulders, and Amy reached out to touch her hand, as
she gripped her own coffee cup.

"But, don't give up, Ana. I...I still believe. One day, a papa and a
mama are gonna come and take me home. It's just that right now, there
are any number of things keeping them apart from me. When each day goes
by and it still doesn't happen, I try to keep that in mind. After all,
each day that goes by brings me one day closer to that wonderful
someday. So don't ever lose your hope. It's true, I promise you...the
sun will come out tomorrow!"

"......Amy......"

Blinking hurriedly, Ana looked at Amy and sure enough, her eyes were
clouded by tears, too. Their gazes met. It was hard to tell which of the
two was more like the "big sister".

Ken scratched his head and shifted a bit in his chair, and then quite
suddenly, he froze.

"Is that a......a UFO......?!"

Ana immediately raised her head. And she saw an incredibly strange
thing. Flustered, she rubbed her eyes, but there was no mistaking what
she saw. It was a wicker basket, floating in mid-air, with nothing
holding it up. Swaying gently, it drifted across the room and over to
them. It was an unidentified flying object, alright. But this one came
in a super-mini size, and had a preference for a more natural aesthetic.

"U-uwaaughh, what the heck, what the heck, what the HECK?! Don't tell me
the aliens have dropped the whole "using metal" thing and have gone back
to a more natural lifestyle?!"

Ken seemed to have had the same thoughts as she did.

"A-hahahahaha!"

The wicker basket was laughing!

"That's very amusing. I think that might be the most original joke I've
heard in a while."

"Quit acting all menacing, and get down here."

Amy swung her arms wildly and...

"He-y!"

...The basket ducked right down. Ken and Ana were just about to go over
to it, but before they could even get up, it approached them and landed
in Ken's lap.

"So. We meet at last!"

Inside the basket, there was a plump, round little baby. He was looking
up at them. He was opening and closing his pudgy little hands, and he
smiled, with a mouth that hadn't yet grown any teeth.

"......So......it was you......?"

Finally, Ana realized it. That mysterious voice she first heard in the
desert, that called out to her every now and then, gave her hints, and
encouraged her. It wasn't her imagination after all, and just as she
thought, it was a little baby!

"That's right. My name is Noel."

"It's nice to meet you, Noel!"

"Same here. It's a pleasure."

She shook hands with the baby, which was a pretty awkward experience.
But, at least her hands weren't \emph{so} big that it looked absolutely
ridiculous. When it was Ken's turn, he nervously shook Noel's hand with
just one finger, and he turned bright red from embarrassment.

"On Christmas morning, I was left on the doorstep of the orphanage, and
that's how I got my name. I'm a bit of a romanticist, like Amy here."

With a \emph{"Why you...!"}, Amy made a threatening gesture, but Noel
didn't even flinch.

"I'm sorry, but you know your knockout-right-hand-punch won't be able to
reach me."

"Grr...I guess it won't."

"Is he...one of the orphans?"

...Ana asked, and Amy gave a little shrug.

"I guess you could say that. It's just one of many mysteries. But for
one thing, he's kinda new here, and for another thing, he's very small.
And for yet another thing, he's pretty useful. I think God brought him
to us as a Christmas present. And I guess I'm grateful, even for that."

"Oh, I know you are."

Noel kicked out his feet a few times.

"He's...useful?"

"Yup. He may look like just a baby, but he can do some pretty cool
things. He can heal cuts and scrapes, and he can read people's minds.
And like you've already seen, he can float, and he can talk. And he can
fly off to very far away places in less than the blink of an eye."

"Teleportation!" Ken cried.

"Well, do you think you can take us to Mount Itoi?"

"I believe that's possible, but..."

Noel squirmed around a bit.

"Well, in order to take other people with me over such a great distance,
I'd need enough mental strength to do it. It makes me terribly hungry,
and I have to sleep for many nights to recover. Because of that, without
plenty of milk and baby food, I wouldn't even make it through even half
the day. But besides that, isn't there something you're forgetting - one
or two somethings, actually - that you haven't found yet?"

Ken and Ana looked at one another.

This kid was the real deal. There was no mistaking it, he definitely had
PSI powers, and stronger ones than even Ana had......!

"You're right, you're right...so then, do you know where our next song
is?"

"Perhaps - it may be in Ellay. I don't know all the details, but I can
almost smell it. That very vague but unmistakable scent of all things
tied to Queen Mary."

"A place called Ellay......"

Ana let out a little shriek. That town was known for being full of
delinquents. It was a town famous for drugs, violence, and crime, and
good little children were forbidden to go there!

Without realizing it, she looked up, and Ken gave her a nod that seemed
to say, "\emph{we'll be okay, don't worry"}.

"We want to go there, then."

"I understand. But, one moment, please. Truth be told, I'm still
exhausted from healing up your friend with the caterpillar sting. Right
now, I don't have the energy to transport you all to another
to-\/-\/-oooown."

The baby yawned widely, showing off his still-toothless mouth.

"Oh that's right, thank you for that. For taking care of Lloyd, I mean."

"It was nothing. Ya-\/-aaaawn. Anyway, just let me sleep for a little
while, and you can all get yourselves ready for the journey...but for
now...goodnight......\emph{mumble mumble}..."

"Oof!"

Suddenly, the basket became very heavy. Using all the strength he had,
Ken lifted the basket and placed it on the floor.

"He won't wake up for another four or five hours, so I hope you guys
weren't in a hurry."

Amy gave a little smile and giggled.

"So then, relax, take your time, and have yourselves a nice, long soak
in a bath. This Queen Mary's not the only one with a vague, unmistakable
scent. And you guys don't exactly smell like roses. Hehehe!"

"...Is it really that bad?"

\emph{You're one to talk - you really need to do something about that
hair of yours, }Ana thought.

\emph{But\ldots{} Then again, maybe she hasn't got time for that, since
she's overseeing everyone here. This tiny little kid sure is giving it
her all.}

\emph{I wonder if I should offer to comb it out for her. I want to make
it less messy for her, maybe even braid it. Although tidy braids might
look funny on this girl. Maybe she's got her own kind of cuteness just
as she is.}

Finally seeing first-hand what it feels like to be a big sister, Ana
suddenly felt a little bit happier.

"And don't worry about changing outfits. The adults left behind plenty
of clothes and briefcases, and you can use as many of them as you want.
Oh yeah, and...we need you to win this for us, okay?"

"Of course!"

"Thanks!"

On this journey full of nothing but trouble, the town full of nothing
but kids turned out to be the most comforting place they had found.

\textbf{Chapter 6 - The Rough Town of Ellay}

Scraps of paper, cans, and broken bottles... Pieces of a ripped shirt,
chains torn down and broken apart... Oily and greasy asphalt, garish
billboards, and cracked concrete...

Water leaked noisily from a broken faucet, took a detour around a broken
manhole cover, and then disappeared into the cracked pavement of the
street. There was some sort of puddle under a dilapidated old post box
which cannot be described here in detail, but from both the scent and
the visual appearance, it was pretty obvious what it was.

On this block, all the different kinds of garbage one can imagine were
blown about by the wind, and had been left to pile up endlessly. This
was downtown. The deepest part of Ellay.

Just about everything here looked abandoned. There was an overall
feeling of giving up without a care. Everything that was left here was
like someone's footprint, the trace of a person who was once there.
There was nothing natural to be found here, not even the smallest hint.

It was as if about a hundred people were brought here, each with
absolutely no regard for tidiness, personal hygiene, or community
spirit, and they were locked in and allowed to go wild for a straight
week, and then they immediately dispersed.

But right now, there wasn't a single soul around. In the clear light of
day, the town seemed to be holding its breath.

\emph{...Oh!}

At first Ana thought a dirty feather duster was ambling towards them,
but apparently it was a thin and very bony stray dog. The dog lowered
its head, and for a good long time, it lapped sadly at a puddle of
melted ice cream by the side of the road, until suddenly it spotted a
far more appealing feast, gave a little half-wag of its tail, and dashed
off. In the darker side of an alley, there was a crushed red-and-white
striped box, clearly from one fast food place or another.

Ana gave a little sigh.

"This place needs a massive clean-up - like a 'Noah's Ark'-grade flood."

Ken and Lloyd nodded in agreement.

The four of them (that's four including Noel, in his wicker basket) were
standing by the side of Ellay's main road (well, all except Noel, which
as you probably figured already, was more sort of floating than
standing. Good grief, this is getting complicated).

For Ana, the concept of a "real, actual downtown" was, up until five
minutes ago, something she could only imagine. This infamous rough town,
this mecca for bad children everywhere, was just as filthy as she feared
it would be, but she did expect it to be a little more lively and gaudy.
She thought it was supposed to be a heaven for those who were foolish,
childish, or unhappy, who enjoyed all things immoral, pleasurable,
vulgar, pompous, and irresponsible. The place wasn't very scary, but she
still didn't think a nasty person with those kinds of interests would
ever consider this "heaven". She had a very strange feeling. Was
it...disappointment, maybe?

And that feeling definitely seemed to be shared between the oldest three
members of the group. As if he could guess their thoughts, Noel began to
explain.

"It's not this deserted, once night falls. I chose this time of day
because I didn't want us to teleport here in the middle of a big crowd,
and cause an uproar. Besides, now you've had kind of a behind-the-scenes
look, and so when the people do come out, you'll know what's down. I
mean what's up. I mean...do I mean that? What do I mean...I don't know
anymore, my brain's all fuzzy. I need more sleep, clearly."

"Huh?"

"Mmhh, yeah, I'm really sleepy. Well, I'll see you all later.
Night-night."

"Waugh, wait, wait!"

Ken bolted forward and reached out to catch Noel.

But the wicker basket moved swiftly, found the cleanest spot available
on the curb nearby, quietly lowered itself, and stopped there. As the
three of them looked on, Noel was already mumbling to himself in
dreamland.

"...But didn't he just get done sleeping?" Ken asked, with a hint of
jealousy.

"It's kind of a baby's job to sleep a lot."

"Well it's kind of annoying. I wish he could have waited at least a
little bit longer. I wanted to ask him for advice on what we should do
next..."

Lloyd shook his head a few times, and instinctively, the other two
looked at one another. There were two perfectly functional adults (?)
right here, but he was relying on the advice of an infant. That seemed a
little rude.

But in this case, maybe it wasn't too unreasonable.

They'd had first-hand experiences with things like Magicant many times
now, but this was the first time they had ever been free to teleport
whenever they chose to, and to wherever they wanted to go. But only Noel
knew where the right place to go was. The three of them had been so
nervous the night before that they hadn't slept. It felt like the day
before one's first airplane flight to another country. Excited\ldots{}
Worried\ldots{} The anxiety was unbearable. Would they accidentally
forget an important item? In their own stupidity, would they make some
ridiculous mistake? And what if they got sick? They couldn't keep
themselves from having thoughts like these as they whirled through their
minds, over and over again. And because of all that, it was never clear
whether they were dreaming or if they were awake, and so half of a night
that felt both long and short passed them by...and then the pale light
of dawn started to appear in the windows of the Dandelion Orphanage, and
before they knew it, someone was already saying "Well, I guess it's time
to head out".

"......But really, what should we do?"

Lloyd was still vexed.

"I guess we could wait until night comes, but that will take so long. I
don't want to waste a single minute. We need to find a way to pass the
time that makes sense, and is still constructive. What do you guys
think?"

"U....uhhhmm..."

"By the way, just for your reference, I'll try to sort out all of the
questions as well as all of the concerns that are floating around in my
brain right now. First, the first one. We haven't passed a single other
person so far, so we haven't had a chance to ask for any information,
but I feel like going over to those houses over there and knocking on
doors and waking people up would end up causing a problem. Now the
second one. We are in the company of a very young infant, and I'm afraid
that if we go to the authorities asking for any kind of help, they will
try to take him into protective custody. Now the third. Noel mentioned
something about a scent before, but in a town that smells as terrible as
this, I wonder if his nose will even be able to function properly.
......It all comes down to this - it would probably be best if we don't
do anything too conspicuous, but in a place like this, anything we'd do
would probably end up being conspicuous anyway. But on the other hand,
if we don't take any action at all, nothing will get done. It's the
perfect example of a paradox. Conflict. Ambivalence. I'm wondering if
there's a way to break the deadlock of this `double-bind' situation.
Ken, Ana, what are your opinions?"

Perhaps Lloyd still hadn't figured out how to use those glasses the
queen had given him. It seemed he had gone well past "clever", and had
sent his brain into overdrive. Frankly, the other two had no idea how to
respond.

"......Well, maybe......" Ana began, timidly.

"Maybe for now, we should walk around a little bit, in this area here?
It would be better than standing here, idly. Even just checking out
what's nearby might lead us to finding something useful, don't you
think?"

"Ohhhh!"

Lloyd was so astonished he seemed to stagger.

"Oh wow, that's brilliant! Of course, one cannot know the terrain of a
battlefield until they've seen it for themselves! Sublation is an
indispensable part of the thesis and the antithesis. I...I've been such
a fool!"

"Don't worry about it, come on, let's go."

"Hey, uh, hello?"

Ken called out to Ana and Lloyd, as they started to walk away.

"What are we supposed to do about this?"

He was pointing at Noel's wicker basket. The other two frowned and shook
their heads, and Ken's shoulders drooped defeatedly.

"It's fine, it's fine, I know. \emph{I'm} gonna carry Noel! But I'm
asking what we should do about the basket. Sorry, but I can't carry a
thing like that on my back."

"I'll take it."

Ana lifted the basket by its handles, which had been hanging down at the
sides. It was a little big, but nothing she couldn't manage.

"It's not heavy. It'll be fine."

"But now you look like Little Red Riding Hood."

Now that he mentioned it...Ana was wearing a bright red cape, complete
with hood, which she had borrowed from someone's house back in
Youngtown. It wasn't very well suited for hand-to-hand combat, but since
she had taken the role of PSI-user, it worked just fine.

\emph{And what about what you two have on?}

Ken was wearing a replica air force flight jacket covered in badges and
emblems, and warm, khaki-colored pants. He had tightly tied a white
headband with a red rising sun emblem right over the baseball cap he'd
gotten from Queen Mary, and Ana thought this looked very funny.

Lloyd was wearing a plaid mountain-man style shirt, and above that, a
blue down parka (the kind with removable sleeves and liner), and jeans.
Just as an aside, his underwear was by Calvin Klein, but that was a
secret known only to him and to Amy, who had set the outfit out for him.

They had all chosen their outfits with the highest heights of Mount Itoi
in mind, but in a place like this, they felt a bit too hot.

Just beyond this street that looked more like a garbage dump, there was
a wide-open public park. An old man with a completely blackened face was
sleeping on one of the benches. He looked very lifeless, his hair was
unkempt, his clothes were shabby, and although he did appear to be an
old man, he may have actually been much younger.

There was a woman standing by herself, smoking a cigarette under a
withered elm tree. She was wearing a very bizarre outfit that looked as
though she had tried to throw on an entire house's worth of clothing at
once, and when the children met her gaze, she growled like a wild
animal.

Just in front of a patch of thick brush, someone had lost a very
dainty-looking shoe. It was gold, looked like it was meant for parties,
and had very, very tall heels - a stylish shoe, definitely, but only one
half of a pair. It was an awfully splendid shoe, one that would
perfectly suit a princess. Without much thought, Ana went to pick the
shoe up when, from the other side of the brush, she suddenly heard a
giggling voice. Apparently, there was someone there. When she looked
closely, she could see two or three pairs of bare legs moving around.
Assuming they were not scattered bits of corpses, it meant at least
three people were hiding back there. Ana wasn't perfectly sure of what
she'd just seen, but it made her turn red all the way up to her ears,
and she quietly pushed the splendid shoe back into the brush.

As you would expect in a park like this, there were also animals. There
were squirrels, pigeons, and crows. There was an old woman, all by
herself, carrying a mountain of plastic shopping bags, and she was
casually feeding all the animals of the park. At last, they had finally
found someone who they could talk to! The three of them gradually
approached her, delighted, but as they got close, the old lady suddenly
looked up at them and, startled, she jumped. Then, as fast as her legs
could carry her, she fled. She dropped her shopping bags as she did, and
with very apparent glee, the animals swooped down upon the food she had
left behind.

They passed through the park and came out onto a roadway. The windows on
all the cars were tinted jet-black, so they couldn't see who was behind
the wheel. The signal lights never seemed to change, and there was a
barely-moving traffic jam even in the middle of crosswalks. Still,
everyone seemed fine with being stuck in an endless line like this. The
fumes from the exhaust were unbearable, and they knew Ken clearly
shouldn't stay here for very long. Flustered, the three of them crossed
the street, and ducked behind a row of the most square and
unfriendly-looking buildings they had ever seen.

And there, they found a pier.

\emph{Swisshhh....swisshh....swisshh...}

There was the sound of crashing waves.

"......is this...is this the ocean......?"

Without even a thought, Ana started to run. She had never been to the
ocean before. Of course, she had a general idea of what it was like, and
she had seen images of it in movies and on TV, but this was the first
time she would see it for herself, in person.

\emph{Getting to finally see the ocean, in a place like this - I feel so
lucky!} Ana thought.

But this ocean wasn't blue. This ocean was very different from how she
thought it would be.

This ocean was a cloudy charcoal-grey, with thin, triangular waves
jutting up sharply like the teeth of a saw. There were no surfboards or
sailboats or women in bikinis. Not one palm tree, or one gull flying
across the sky, or even one scuttling crab to be seen. This ocean looked
so unhappy, so sullen.

Still holding on to the railing, she looked down at her feet, and could
see that the area being protected from the surf by concrete tetrapods
was cloudy with foam that looked like detergent bubbles. And this whole
area was covered in an incalculable amount of trash that had been washed
onto shore. Because of all that, she couldn't even catch the true scent
of the tide.

"......Should we go?" Ken asked in a low voice, as he stood beside her,
still carrying Noel on his back.

"I think there's a supermarket or something over that way. It's about
time I called my dad again. And Lloyd says maybe we should at least
check and see if there's anything useful we can buy."

"......Yeah."

Before she let go of the railing, Ana looked out one last time at the
ocean.

It wasn't nearly as beautiful or as wonderful as she thought it would
be.

But this water here was connected to all the seas across the whole
world, and that was still amazing to her. And there was a more wonderful
ocean out there, somewhere. Somewhere out there was a shore just like
she had seen in the old movies, with young beach-goers roasting in the
sun and bustling about having fun. And, if she were to set out from
here, and sail far, far, faaar over the sea, surely, eventually, she'd
be able to find it.

\emph{......I'll see you again sometime!!......}

She waved good-bye to the ocean to let it know she was leaving, and then
she turned around, and saw that Ken and Lloyd were standing stock-still.
They were a little bit ahead of her, near the corner of a building.

\emph{What are they doing?}

She quickly caught up to them, and that's when she saw it.

Right across from a harbor warehouse, there was quite a large gathering
of motorcycles. There were stylish and modern aerodynamic-looking bikes,
and clumsy-looking old-fashioned bikes, and riders whose outfits
perfectly matched each one. They were wearing sunglasses, and were
covered from head to toe in coordinated leather clothes. They looked as
slick as discount-bin eels, and she was pretty sure they were one of
those infamous biker gangs she always heard about. And they were
definitely just the sort of crowd she wanted to avoid.

"Hey, we should hurry over to that supermarket."

"Shhh!"

Ken put his finger to his lips. He jerked his chin towards Lloyd.

She looked, and saw Lloyd, with an indescribable sparkle in his
glistening eyes, as he gazed at the motorcycles.

\emph{\textbf{Purrrrr...purrrrrr...purrrrrrr...}}

They could sense the low vibrations of the engines, not so much with
their ears, but with the soles of their feet through the ground where
they stood. The awful scent of the exhaust was steadily drifting around
them. Ana was worried about Ken's asthma, but Lloyd stood stock-still,
in a trance.

\emph{He may be a young genius, but I guess he's still a little boy
after all...I just never thought he'd have an eye for \textbf{this} sort
of thing.}

Ana folded her arms, and breathed a little sigh. Apparently, without
realizing it, she'd taken on some of Amy's mannerisms.

"......Damn it!"

Suddenly, one of the riders cried out loudly.

"This absolute bitch. She's so moody."

Sensing his threatening attitude, Ana couldn't help but to cower, but
she didn't see a woman anywhere nearby. She looked carefully around the
black-leather-clad crowd to see if maybe a woman was stealthily mixed in
with them, but there wasn't one to be found.

The one who had been yelling was frightfully large and tough-looking.
And even though he was straddling a bike that would be considered
enormous for the average person, he still looked like a circus bear
riding a bicycle. You know...the acrobatic ones. He had a scraggly beard
covering a good deal of his face, and reddish-brown chest hair spilled
out over the top of his black coveralls. He was definitely a wild type.

\emph{How does he avoid getting that chest hair caught in his zipper?}

\emph{How painful that would be...} Ana thought.

It was extraordinary just how many majestic qualities this bear-like man
shared with an actual bear, and how much authority there was in his
voice. Surely, this guy was the head of this gang, or their leader, or
whatever you'd call it.

"Come on, come on, come on, baby......aww, what have I ever done to hurt
you? Be a good girl and pull yourself together. I'm begging you."

Apparently, the "bitch" he was referring to was his bike. And
apparently, it wasn't working very well.

All the other bikes were steadily and enthusiastically spewing out
exhaust fumes, but the huge, heavy-looking mass of steel he was sitting
on would only start, then stop, then start, and then stop again,
unreliably coughing out little puffs of some kind of purple smoke.

\emph{Maybe he's over the weight limit}, Ana thought.

This bearded man tried turning the engine off and turning it back on,
tried doing it quickly, tried doing it slowly... He got off of it and
looked it over very carefully, he tapped it lightly, and he even -
\textbf{BANG! }- kicked it as hard as he could, but none of it did any
good.

The other riders came over and one by one, they knelt down and looked
the bike over. They each tried this or that, but none of it got the bike
to work at all. In the end, the thing wouldn't even give half of a
sputter.

"Hey, hey, what's wrong, baby? You got a full battery and everything.
Why won't you knock 'em dead for me, like the good old days?"

The bearded man was speaking to it in a soft and coaxing voice, and even
rubbed his cheek against it, but the bike still gave no response.

"Boss, boss, boss? It's not gonna run, boss."

One of the other riders had spoken up. He was lanky, with overly dry
hair, and had some kind of awful makeup all over his eyes and cheeks.
Seeing him standing next to that bear-like man, the contrast was
astounding.

"I'm sorry to have to say it, but it's damaged in \emph{here}."

As he said "\emph{here}", he pointed to his own temple.

"What do you mean it's damaged?"

"What I mean is...boss, it's like...this? Look, it's a bootleg replica
of a Honda BLACK914 with a Kawasaki 044/211 engine, and on top of that,
it's running an illegal copy of the Harley Technica software. It's not a
typical setup. The electronic control system just isn't compatible."

"But it's the fastest bike in its class!"

The bearded man growled this in a strong, resounding, deep-toned voice,
as he raised himself up to his full height.

"I won cup after cup with a motorcycle just like this one!"

"Well now, racing's a whole different story. There, you have an
outstanding pit crew, and it's only a few laps around a circuit. A hobby
bike like this is great if you just want to casually play around like
that......"

\textbf{CRASHHH!}

Suddenly, a bike that had been idling by his side went flying, and
crashed into the wall of the warehouse. The bearded man had slapped it
away with his bare, open hand. Neither of his legs had even twitched. He
had sent the bike flying with the power of just one of his arms...and
that bike may have been smaller than his own, but this was still
impressive.

All the other men, who had been chattering among themselves, suddenly
went pale. They watched as their boss slowly drew near, and from their
heads to their toes, they shivered fearfully.

"What do you mean, \emph{\textbf{hobby}}?"

The bear-boss kept coming closer, slowly, and steadily.

"And I think I heard you say something about \emph{\textbf{casually
playing around}} too. Or have I grown spears of asparagus instead of
ears?!"

"So it's just a bug then, right?"

Ana jumped straight into the air.

That was Lloyd. Lloyd had just spoken to them.

What was he talking about? And there was no way he just strolled so
leisurely right into the middle of a violent gang of men who were
\emph{clearly} seconds away from a brawl!

The riders seemed dumbfounded, and stood stock still.

"Well...as an experiment, why not try changing the current directory? If
you use the R option, and you move everything over to a separate
directory on the same level using a layered directory structure, then
change the pathname parameter percent to two, and set up batch
processing to revert every file's character strings that are marked with
asterisks to their default settings, then it would probably run for
now.''

Lloyd came to a stop right in front of the boss, and the other riders
began to move, without making a sound. Slowly, they scattered themselves
and formed a circle around not only Lloyd, but also Ana, Ken, and Noel
(still being carried on Ken's back), to keep an eye on them, it seemed,
or to keep them from being able to run away...and little by little that
circle was shrinking.

"Stay close to me."

Putting his hand to his trusty bat, Ken spoke to her in a low whisper.

"When we get the chance, we'll run. I'll give you the signal."

"B...but what about Lloyd?"

"I'll figure something out. Not sure yet."

Ana felt like her life was already over, but Lloyd seemed to be doing
just fine. He was staring straight into the eyes of this ``Boss'', who
stood gravely silent and was at least twice his height, yet Lloyd simply
continued, gesturing enthusiastically.

"By the way, you can also overwrite the assembler's source code segment
so that it links up with C. Since its normal function call is running
too slow, you'll want to assign it to the -ZE option. If you do that,
you can use wildcards over the command, then you'll be able to free up
the analog variable, leaving the contents just as they are, while still
avoiding the bug......"

"So try it."

In a low, low voice that seemed to resound from the very depths of hell,
the boss spoke.

"Can you...do that?"

"Oh. You're gonna let me do it?"

Lloyd smiled so widely his glasses slipped a little.

"Sure, I can play around with it!"

Lloyd rolled up his sleeves and plunked himself down cross-legged on the
concrete. With skillful hands, he removed one of the bike's side panels.
Inside, when viewed from a distance, it looked just like the cockpit of
an airplane, with all its switches and buttons and indicators and slots
and keys and jacks and many, many other things. Knitting his brows and
tracing his lips with his finger, Lloyd looked like he was thinking
things over for a short while, and then, with a sudden burst of
tremendous energy and vigor, he got to work.

The bear-boss, Ana and Ken, and the other riders who were casually
blocking the trio's escape, silently looked on. For a length of time
things were very tense, as only Lloyd busily moved about. Every once in
a while, he would hum to himself.

When he closed the panel again and stood up, less than five minutes had
passed.

"......Did you fix it?"

"Probably."

Lloyd narrowed his eyes and shrugged.

The bear-boss muttered something or other under his breath, and with his
large frame shaking a bit, he approached the bike, gave one sigh, and
then timidly he straddled it. He took a few steps back, gave a quick
glance to Lloyd, who was waiting patiently, and then he turned the cell
switch on.

\emph{\textbf{Puuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...}}

\emph{Ooh!}

The sound of impressed voices spread through the crowd. For a second,
even the bear-boss smiled, in an innocent, childlike way, until his gaze
crossed Lloyd's, who smiled back in satisfaction, and the bear-boss
forced a sullen frown back onto his face.

"Wait here!"

With a cry he raced off, weaving his way through the warehouses, and he
vanished.

Ana and Ken ran to Lloyd's side.

"Is it okay?" Ken asked him, excitedly.

"Is what okay?"

"That, I mean, did you fix it?"

Lloyd opened his mouth wide as if to say something, then he stopped,
shook his head defeatedly, and whispered,

"Didn't you see? It's running, isn't it?"

"Oh right, I guess so, then."

"That was wonderful, Lloyd. I'm surprised. I didn't know you knew that
much about motorcycles."

"Oh. Well, the truth is..."

Lloyd put his finger to the bridge of his glasses and pushed them back
up, then went on.

"A while back, I made some money taking on jobs copying and customizing
electronic bike software. It was something I learned from my dad. I got
the jobs only through word of mouth, but it was still profitable. It's
definitely harder to have that traced back to you than something like
hacking communication lines. But it still would have ended badly if I
had been caught."

Ana thought she might suddenly have understood why Lloyd's household was
plagued by divorce, sickness, and misfortune. As a girl of the church,
she often thought about the concept of "sin and punishment".

In the meantime, the bear-boss and his bike were on their way back.

The bike stopped in exactly the same spot it was in before, with no
difficulty whatsoever.

"She's running gorgeously, now."

He spoke bluntly, but this time the boss was wearing a full, somewhat
sneering smile. The kind of smile that easily brought to mind the grin
of a man-eating grizzly.

"Thanks, kid."

"It was nothing."

"Oh, but..."

Clicking his tongue, the hulking bear-boss got off his bike, and with a
gait that seemed almost shy, he approached Lloyd, and with a
\textbf{WHACK!}, he thumped his hand down on Lloyd's shoulder.

"I'm not sure exactly what you've got going on right now, but I'm
telling you this for your own good. You should get out of here, go on
home, and fast. This is no place for a bunch of good little kids like
you, you know?"

Lloyd seemed to be about to reply, but the bear-boss stopped him with
only a look. Then he looked Ana and Ken over as well, one at a time. A
look from him was truly terrifying.

The bear-boss suddenly noticed the baby on Ken's back, and his mouth
fell wide open and he rubbed his eyes with both fists. He looked the
trio over again, then looked up to the heavens, and then back at the
baby one more time...and then his eyebrows pulled back into somewhat of
a look of pity.

"Damn, the world sure is a frightening place these days...Yaah! Let's
go, you bastards!"

Countless bikes all revved their engines at once, and Ken went into a
coughing fit. Ana took Noel from him, and while Lloyd rubbed Ken's back
to comfort him, the entire biker gang headed off to who knows where.

The supermarket was an Ellay branch of a nationwide chain, and it was
wonderfully large. But, as they expected from seeing the very wide and
very empty parking lot, there weren't any customers inside.

They left Ken to find a phone, as he had mentioned, and Ana and Lloyd
headed towards the aisles. They borrowed a shopping cart and put Noel,
who still looked half-asleep, in the higher part at the front. Lloyd
steered.

"Okay. So we need baby food, right?"

"How about milk, and a baby bottle?"

"We brought one with us. But unless we boil it in very pure water, we
can't use it. So I think we should buy mineral water, and one hundred
percent fruit juice."

"Smart thinking."

"And then I think that's about it."

"Ana, you seem so much like a mother."

"......huh?......"

She was caught a bit off guard by this.

Lloyd was smiling casually, so she assumed he didn't mean anything
particularly deep by it.

Now that she thought about it, she was together with a boy, they had
brought a baby along with them, and were pushing a shopping cart and
walking as a group through a supermarket......this must be such a fairly
remarkable sight to see. If a stranger saw them like this, what would
they think?

"Oh-ho-ho-ho! Are you guys pretending you're "just friends"?
Oh-ho-ho-ho!"

...is what they would think, apparently.

The one who was poking fun at them was an old man pulling a cage full of
products to replace on the shelves. He was loudly rustling the bag of
chips he had in his hand, and he continued to yell out to them.

"It's alright, young'uns. It's alright. Go on, go on, keep at it. Romeo
and Juliet were in their low teens too, you know. And we can't lose to
the Europeans!"

"What a sympathetic person."

Lloyd looked at the man over his shoulder, and narrowed his eyes.

"Although of course, he's misunderstood the entire situation. Come to
think of it, Carl Sagan said something about this in his writings. He
said, in the first half of one's teen years, one often tends to have
passionate feelings of love, as well as the intense urges particular to
puberty, which are unfairly suppressed by both family and society, and
if it were not for the oppressive feelings of self-loathing and guilt
that result from this, mankind would be surprised at how simply they
would find happiness...or words to that effect. Ana, what are your
feelings on this subject?"

"I-I...I don't know!"

"What are you so upset about?"

"I'm not upset, or anything like that, who's upset?"

"............"

"I'm fine, let's just go!"

The majority of the things in the store were food items. There were also
a few types of clothing and daily necessities, toys, a shoe repair
corner, a pharmacy, and a pet shop.

They made one full round of the store, and the cart was half full.

The young woman running the register had been enthusiastically tending
to her nails until, very obviously annoyed, she put down the file and
began to slowly and very leisurely do her job. It seemed that she took
about an entire minute to scan each barcode.

Somehow, they finally finished checking out, and when they looked
around, they saw that Ken was still holding the payphone receiver to his
ear. Ana wondered if he was having a very complicated discussion, and as
she approached him, he glanced up and noticed her. Suddenly he looked
frustrated, and he hung up the receiver with a very exaggerated motion.

"The line's dead. I've been able to get through this whole time. This
has never happened before. Their circuit is supposed to be secure."

"Are you sure it's not just broken?"

"Ah. Yeah I thought that, too, but I tried going across the street to
the gas station. And it was the same thing with the phone over there."

"Well, they could all just be broken, I guess..."

\emph{...It's that kind of town, after all.}

She continued her sentence with only her eyes, and Ken gave an annoyed
little nod, as if in agreement.

"So, where are Lloyd and Noel?"

"What? Oh yeah, I wonder."

They looked around, and saw Lloyd speaking with a man who was cleaning.
He was an older black man, and he was idly swishing and sloshing a mop
which may have contained a bit too much water. They were smiling
brightly, and gesturing wildly as they eagerly discussed something or
other. Lloyd certainly wasn't shy.

His profile wasn't ugly, of course, but without the glasses, he could
even be described as handsome.

Ana gave a soft sigh, and then decided it was time to speak her mind.

"......Hey, Ken?"

"What is it?"

"A little while ago......someone was making fun of me. See, we had Noel
with us. And so it looked like Lloyd and I were...you know...in
\emph{that} kind of relationship."

"Uh...uh-huh..."

"Do you know what kind of relationship I mean?"

"No, I understand, but..."

She looked up at him, and Ken was very clearly feigning ignorance. And
then, as she continued to stare up at him, he kept sending flickering
glances her way, until he finally gave up and said,

"You mean, like \emph{that}?"

"Yeah. And then...Lloyd was unbelievable. He said something about how in
the first half of your teen years, you have passionate feelings of love,
and certain...urges, and all kinds of things like that."

"Ce...certain urges? W-w-what the heck is that guy thinking about?!"

Ken turned red all the way up to his ears. Ana felt very relieved, but
on the other hand, she also had a strange feeling, that was a little bit
lonely and frustrated. And so, with a deliberately wanton air, she
hopped up onto the payphone table, tilted her head so far that it came
to rest on her shoulder, and said,

"Yeah, it startled me, too."

"Oh I see. Well that's good."

Ken thrust both hands into the pockets of his pants, and looked fixedly
in Lloyd's direction.

"What do you mean, 'that's good'?"

"Ah, no. I meant to say, that's awful."

"'Awful' seems to be going a bit too far..."

"No, that's why I was saying it's not all that awful...I...uhh...what I
\emph{meant} to say was...oh! He's coming back."

Ken's face was suddenly and very openly relieved, and Ana sighed once
again, and slid down off the table.

"I have news! News!"

Even though she knew Lloyd meant no harm, she couldn't help but scowl at
him. Fortunately, in all his excitement, Lloyd didn't seem to notice the
look in Ana's eyes at all.

"Well, I found something we can try! That guy, while he was mopping, he
was singing an Elvis number to himself, and so I complimented him, I
told him he was talented, really talented. He told me singing is his
main job, and that he's only cleaning part time. I asked him where he
goes to sing, and he told me he goes to the Live House. He also told me
there's a special gig there tonight, downtown, and that made me think.
Do you think that might be where we find our next melody?"

"Well there were some, but..."

A woman with eyelashes painted in seven different colors waved her hand
at them, each finger of which was topped with a four-inch long nail.

"They're all sold out. Come again, sometime."

Sold out. They were defeated.

And this was the last ticket agency they could try.

Every ticket counter they found was sold out. Same-day tickets, advanced
tickets, they were all sold out of every one. It seemed like whoever was
on stage tonight, they must be ultra-famous. If this was the case, that
was all the more reason to want to be sure to hear the show, but it was
looking pretty hopeless. Noel, whose advice they sorely needed, was
still soundly sleeping.

And all the time they spent wandering aimlessly brought them that much
closer to tonight's special gig. They were unable to resist, and so the
four of them eventually found themselves heading towards the Live House.

There was a tremendous amount of people. There were so many people that
the trio couldn't help but wonder where they all had even come from. The
body heat coming off of this group made even the air around them feel
stuffy.

There was a young man with a punk haircut. There was a young woman who
appeared to be naked. There was someone in a perfectly square suit, a
guy with a sunburn who looked like a surfer, and someone in a full
cowboy outfit. And the noisy chattering from the crowd wasn't only in
English. Here and there they could hear Spanish, French, Hebrew, Khmer,
Chinese, and Japanese. It seemed like people had gathered from all
across the world just for this live show. There were all kinds of people
here.

Despite this, as one might expect, they appeared to be the only group
made up of three children with a baby. They had a sense that everyone
was looking at them. The sense that rumors were starting to spread.
Feeling a little awkward, the four of them distanced themselves a bit
from the crowd.

"I didn't know there would be so many people."

"I wonder if they're all going in."

"Maybe we should ask. Someone, anyone. If they'll give up their ticket."

"I don't think there's a chance......not with everyone being this
excited..."

They were in the middle of a somewhat heated conversation, when a man in
glasses, wearing all black and looking \emph{very} suspicious,
approached them with a smiling face that seemed all too much like a
mask.

"Hey, you three, am I right in guessing you don't have tickets?"

"Y...yeah, that's right, but..."

"Alright, well for the three of you, how about one fifty? Sound good?"

"Uhh..."

The actual tickets had been twenty dollars each. Sure, they'd heard of
inflation, but two and a half times the original price was astounding.

This guy was a scalper!

A gentleman whose occupation involves investing in huge quantities of
tickets to popular events as soon as they became available, and then
selling said tickets for high prices in the excited chaos just before a
show starts is known as a scalper.

"Damn......just look down at your feet."

"Hehehe, don't worry, this is just business!"

"A hundred!"

Ken cried out, almost in desperation.

"A hundred forty-five."

"No part of the man's face moved but his mouth.

"A hundred ten!"

"A hundred forty."

"Can I use a credit card?"

"Only if it's Amex or Diner's Club."

"Uuuggh, then my Visa's no good. All I can offer then is everything I
have on me. One twenty."

"Well, if that's all you have, then we have a deal."

"Alright!"

Huffing a bit, Ken looked around at Lloyd and Ana with pride in his
eyes.

He did very well.

Ana clapped for him silently.

But then, when Ken pulled out his wallet, the man looked into it
immediately, and that mask-like face changed to one that read, "oh my
god!"

"Hey, what gives, boy. You're a nasty kid, huh? That's not 'all you
have'."

"Hehehe, all's fair in war."

"Heey now, don't be so stingy. We're back to one fifty now, one fifty."

"But, we had a deal at one twenty!"

"Well then, bye byeee\textasciitilde!"

"Waagh, wait, wait!"

"Alright, so......one hundred and fifty. Mm. Perfect. Ho-ho-hoo, thank
you for your patronage!"

"Ggrrrr...\textbf{damn it}!"

Ken was now in a completely foul mood over it, but at the very least,
they had their tickets!

They went back to the public park, boiled the mineral water using a can
of heat gel, and they ate the sandwiches and fruit they had bought
earlier. There were far more people out now than there were this
morning, and occasionally they would look over at the trio, but no one
in particular ever came to question them.

Things would have been different in Snowman.

If a group of kids were all by themselves and lighting fires, the first
adult that happened to pass by would stop and say, "what on earth are
you doing?!" And if there was a stranger traveling with a baby, they
would be guided straight to the church.

With these thoughts vaguely on her mind, Ana was holding Noel in her
arms, and almost unconsciously she was rocking and soothing him, all
while feeding him his milk with her one free hand. Amy had enough time
to practice it with her only once, but as if she had done it her whole
life, somehow Ana found herself able to do it perfectly, which was
strange. Even though her arms seemed too thin, Noel's soft little head
fit into them snugly. The full weight of a baby, which should have been
a little difficult for her to manage, wasn't a problem at all, either.
But of course, that could always have been thanks to Noel's special
skills.

"......Right now, you would think he was just an ordinary baby......"

As Ken reached out for one of the four BLT sandwiches, creases formed in
the corners of his eyes as he thought to himself.

"Wait, Noel. There's hardly anyone around, so why don't you just float
the bottle in mid-air and feed yourself?"

"I suppose I could do that, but..."

Noel pushed away the bottle, and spoke in a voice low enough that only
the three of them could hear it.

"...Physical contact is terribly important. If one doesn't have the
experience of being lovingly nursed, their whole worldview may become
distorted......hic!''

Noel went on savoring his milk. If she waited to have her portion until
after Noel was full, the sandwiches may be gone by then. But Ana didn't
really think she would mind.

She held a tiny, tiny little life in her hands, as he drank his milk so
intently, not wanting to leave a single drop. She would do anything for
this little one. From the bottom of her heart, she knew she would give
him every bit of strength she had, if he needed it. Noel may not have
been related to her, or, in other words, he was not her child by birth.
But she felt strongly enough that he may as well have been her own son.

Had every mother across this entire world, each and every single one,
experienced this same feeling? Ken's mama...Lloyd's mama...and even
Ana's own mother...all of them\ldots? And then, there was the one who
said she was the mother of every child at once, Queen Mary - surely she
knew this feeling, too.

\emph{Mothers are...they're wonderful.}

...Ana thought.

There is a tree of life that carries on without an end, connecting a
time long, long ago and then even farther back than that, to a time far,
faaar into the future. You can trace all of the children that have come
into existence, on countless branches all reaching in different
directions, back to one single point, and it appears as though it stops
there. One might say that this is where it all ends. But a Mother is not
where things end. She sends out the next sprout, and helps it to grow.
And then all these branches of life, and the tree itself too, grow even
thicker and more beautiful.

\emph{I wonder if I'll become a mother too, a real one, someday}.

Ana thought.

\emph{I'd like to.}

\emph{...But, in order to do that, first we'll have to save this whole
entire world......!}

The evening rolled in, and things gradually started getting livelier. As
if in opposition to the approaching darkness, various neon lights began
to glow. These lights were even brighter than the sun that was setting
across the ocean. The artificial light began to win out, and then the
atmosphere of the whole town changed. It was just as Noel had said it
would be. Suddenly that tired, ragged town began to look vibrant and
fantastic. They found themselves thinking that every single person they
passed was either wonderfully beautiful or handsome. The usual, trivial
pop music that constantly seeped out of every nearby shop suddenly
switched over to perfectly fitting, high-spirited background music, and
everywhere they turned, the sights that bombarded their eyes looked like
scenes straight out of a teen movie.

The tail lights of the cars stuck in traffic on the highway that ran off
far into the distance, the light on the battered old lighthouse in the
harbor, all of them were like glittering, precious jewels. Here, it
seemed every single person was a hero or a heroine!

And tonight, all the people and cars and everything else were all
heading in the same direction. Without a doubt, their destination was
the Live House. And in just a short amount of time, the gig of the
century would begin......!

The four of them quickly got their belongings together, and then they
set off.

The crowd in front of the Live House was even larger and even more
intense than it was before. An extra-large neon sign was winking
\textbf{"Hurricane Joe is BACK! Tonight only!"}, \textbf{"You're the
best, Baby!"}, and, \textbf{"Be sweet on me, Honey!}" in shocking pink,
sunshine orange, and sparkling green. Someone somewhere in the crowd had
brought a radio cassette player, and was blasting very fitting rock and
roll music at a high volume, and many people, unable to resist, danced
themselves into a daze. A huge crowd of people were swaying and swinging
to the eight-beat rhythm. The young man with the punk haircut, the young
woman who was practically naked, the preppy, the surfer, and the urban
cowboy, all of them stomped their feet, waved their arms, and even
bumped their backsides together. Beer was being passed out, popcorn was
flying through the air, and little firecrackers were going off. An older
woman was walking around kissing anyone she found. A couple held each
other tightly and danced cheek-to-cheek. There was a team of boys on
rollerskates, showing off their best moves. The enthusiasm was
incredible. And the show hadn't even started yet!

"O-ho-ho! This all looks pretty promising, doesn't it?" Ken said.

He didn't seem to be fully aware of himself, as he snapped his fingers
and started doing that weird hip wiggle thing again.

"It looks like this Hurricane Joe guy is a huge star. Ever heard of
him?" Lloyd asked while raising and lowering his arms in a terribly
awkward-looking way, as he performed a very skillful robot dance.

"I've never heard of him, myself."

Ana was not amused. In fact, suddenly her face had gone sullen. It
actually seemed like she might start crying.

\emph{Rock and roll is music for degenerates! It's all foolish, shallow,
immoral, dangerous, and uncontrollable. The lyrics are like graffiti on
a bathroom wall. It all goes against Jesus' teachings. Drugs, violence,
lurid affairs, this is where all of that begins. If you find one rock
and roll tape, it's guaranteed that person has thirty more rock and roll
tapes hidden somewhere. And rock and roll grows more and more
influential before you even know it. It's such a tenacious thing that
even if everyone in the world worked together to stamp it out, there
would just be so much more new rock and roll being created that it could
never be fully eradicated. A girl of the church would never, under any
circumstances, \textbf{ever} enjoy such a thing. She'd never participate
in it.}

\emph{}...is what her dad had always told her, and she had always
believed it was exactly as he described it, right up to this very day.

But didn't all the people here look like they were having so much fun?
They were so joyful, so bright, and seemed so free. They were so
untroubled, so funny, and so enthralled. Of course, these people were
also unbelievably obscene. They were clearly the type of people who
could easily drown themselves in their own pleasures. They may never
have been to church even once in their entire lives. And certainly there
was the groundwork here that creates and also forgives sinners, like the
scalper who makes his money by exploiting the weaknesses in people.
Those sorts of things were here too, for sure.

But...but...she felt so.....

\emph{So jealous!}

But still, Ana did not dance. Her arms, legs, and heart were tied down
by twelve years and however many months of devout teachings, and they
would not budge. She would not set herself free like everyone else here
had done. Even though she had no doubt that if she danced, she would be
so happy. Even though she knew that if she only gave it a try, just like
when she had danced with all those children, she would find that there
was nothing that she couldn't do.

She was very frustrated. And very miserable. And very empty.

But there was nothing Ana could do about it.

The line began to move. They were finally opening the doors. Some people
were still determined enough to continue dancing while lining up, but
more than half of the crowd had come to their senses, were checking to
make sure they had their tickets, and finding the friends they had come
here with. The fervor cooled down just a little bit, as one might
expect.

Ana felt a bit relieved, and, sure enough, in her relief, she was once
again suitably miserable. If she thought this was all so terrible,
wouldn't it be best if she didn't listen to it? Wouldn't it be better to
go off on her own, and put as much distance as possible between herself
and this \textbf{"filthy"} rock and roll stuff? And yet, she stayed
right with them.

\emph{Yup, that's right.}

In truth, Ana had already mostly come to a decision. This was the first
time in her life she was going to be able to listen to real rock and
roll, in its purest form. And after all, how could she recognize it if
she had never heard it? You can't truly say you hate a thing you've
never tasted.

...She could make up all the excuses she wanted, but the truth was, her
heart was pounding already, and she was trembling with excitement.

However...

"Heey, wait a minute!"

After spending thirty minutes in line, the four of them had been stopped
after finally making it to the counter.

"I can't let you in, not with these."

"B...but why not?"

Ken raised his voice, and the man he was speaking to shifted one
eyebrow.

"I can't accept these. They're no good."

"What do you mean they're no good?"

The man, who was wearing sleeve covers on both arms, looked down at
them, and his eyes softened only slightly.

"Little fool. You bought these without knowing, didn't you...? These
are...they're fake. Do you see how it's unusually thin where the date is
supposed to be? What was printed there before has been scraped off, and
replaced with today's date. On top of that, all three of these have the
same serial number, you see? It looks like they were made with a plain
old copy machine. Looks like you were duped by a cheap bootlegger."

"......Duped......?

Ken didn't turn around, and his shoulders were trembling.

"I'm very sorry, but you'll be back. You're still young. You'll have
other chances."

The three of them were still in shock as he pushed them aside, and one
after another he allowed the rest of the very excited crowd, who all had
legitimate tickets, into the building. If they kept standing there, they
were just going to get in the way.

"......We should go."

Lloyd put his hand on Ken's shoulder.

"There's nothing we can do here. Let's go."

"B-but...but I..."

"It's alright, come on."

\textbf{"Damn it!"}

Ken kicked a tin trash can, which landed with a dull thud somewhere on
the Live House's roof.

"That \textbf{JERK!} I hate adults......I hate them so much!"

They were now behind the building, which faced the harbor. They thought
they were going to get in, they thought they were about to get their
second-to-last melody, they'd had it all lined up perfectly. And then in
the end it had all come to nothing, and they were frustrated.

Ana watched without saying a word as Ken sat there, in his very gloomy
mood.

It was disappointing. Very, terribly disappointing.

But, having things all fall to pieces like this, she started to feel
that maybe it was destiny. She found peace in the idea that some way,
somehow, God had stepped in to prevent her from being exposed to rock
and roll music. But she knew she probably shouldn't say this out loud to
the others.

From inside the building, they could hear a sudden swell of screaming
voices. And Ken's drooping head suddenly twitched. Apparently, the
performance was finally beginning.

"......When I'm wearing these glasses......" Lloyd said, quietly.

"...no matter what kind of hardships we fall into, clear and helpful
thoughts are supposed to come to me, that's what Queen Mary said, wasn't
it?"

"That's right."

"Well, before we met that scalper, I had been thinking of all kinds of
things. I examined our problem from every possible angle. I don't think
we have any other options. And so, I think...we may have to go with the
best idea I have."

"And what idea is that?"

"We break in, through the stage door."

Ana was starting to think that Queen Mary's glasses may not be so
special after all.

Lloyd's "best idea" still had so many issues of its own.

First. Due to this Joe guy's popularity, the Live House had naturally
reinforced the security of all of the back doors.

Second. A team made up of some kids and a baby would be too weak to
actually break in, and the whole "it's for the defense of the Earth"
spiel probably wouldn't be a good enough excuse anyway.

And third. Their true enemies were not flesh-and-blood, unarmed, fellow
human beings, and the Global Defense Force must never use their powers
against them (not even if the security guards were especially skilled in
martial arts).

And still, no matter what, charging straight in would be, to put it
plainly, an act of complete desperation. But according to Lloyd, there
was a theory that, when one has no other options, statistically it is
the most reasonable to take a chance on one's own spirit and luck.

And so, before they even realized it, they were caught up in a merciless
brawl. A war between the Global Defense Force team, who were willing to
do anything in order to get in, and the Live House Defense Force team,
whose sworn duty was to keep them out.

"Hey you!"

"You idiots, get yourselves together. You're going easy on them because
they're kids!"

"You can go a little easy on us, if you like!"

"No way! This isn't a joke."

"Everyone has to pay good money to see the show!"

"Well I \emph{did} pay good money!"

"Alright, alright, you kids get out, go home, right now."

"Oh, please, stop shoving. Please stop shoving! The baby, watch out for
the baby!"

"Little miss...What kind of girl brings a baby to a place like the Live
House?"

"Well, we were......"

\textbf{"Shut up, all of you."}

Suddenly, the dressing room door opened. A lanky silhouette came into
view.

"Graaah! I'm begging you. Just be quiet. The time just before a
performance is very crucial. Do you really think my boss is that
simple-minded?"

"I'm sorry, we're sorry!"

The security guards turned white as sheets, and began bowing profusely.

"Please smooth things out with Mister Joe for us, if you can."

"I guess I can try to."

"We're so very sorry. It was these kids here, they're the ones causing a
fuss."

"Whaat the, are you telling me that racket was just you all dealing with
some little \emph{brats}?"

This lanky silhouette seemed to smile, and took two, then three steps
towards the back door. In the moonlight, they could see his face, thick
with some kind of makeup, and his cheeks which were hollow and
scrawny......

"Oooohhh!!\textasciitilde" the kids gasped.

"Woah! No way!"

The slender silhouette toppled over in a very exaggerated way, and then
raced back into the dressing room.

\textbf{"Boss, boss, boss!"}

His shrill voice was so piercing that the Warriors could still hear it
from outside.

"We need our pay......just, don't freak out. Those kids are here. The
little bastard with the glasses, the one who fixed your bike, it's him
and his friends!"

"What?"

"I think they're here to collect your debt for the repairs."

"Ah. I hadn't thought about that. I guess I should pay them."

"Yeah? You will? Well, while you're at it, maybe you could also give us
our pay-\/-"

......\textbf{CRASHHH!}

There was a tremendous sound, and with that, the trio didn't hear the
lanky man's voice anymore.

Not long after, a lumbering, grizzly-looking body appeared, blocking out
the entire dressing room doorway. A heavily bearded face smiled at them,
awkwardly.

"I told you to go home, and I see you didn't listen. Foolish little
rascals."

So then.

This "Hurricane Joe" guy was that bear-boss!

"If you've got the time, why don't you listen to some of my songs?"

Oh, what a wonderful two whole hours it was.

Every moment of Joe's gig was extremely intense. The band was made up
entirely of biker gang members, but their prowess on the stage was
incredible.

As she listened to the various compositions they were weaving, Ana could
see all sorts of places and scenes so clearly in her mind. A single gust
of wind whirling around the base of a mountain in some desolate northern
country, a lazy afternoon on some island in the south, heavy rains
falling on a lush and verdant forest...these landscapes appeared to her
one after another. A tiny kitten, curled into a ball and sleeping under
a weather vane, one lonely alligator in a dense, swampy forest, a
goldfish, staring out with unblinking eyes from its glass tank - she
could sense all of these things so clearly.

The same thing would always happen whenever she listened to her father's
favorite classical music. No, if she were being precise, these visions
seemed even more wonderful. And then, when she suddenly came to her
senses, she found that without even realizing it, she had been
tap-tap-tapping her toe, in a very refined way, in time with their
rhythm. The people nearby, the people farther away from her, and even
the people on the complete opposite side were all keeping to that same
beat. It was as if everyone in the entire venue had become part of one
body moving to the beat of just one heart. Every single person here had
become as one.

And this was an incredibly wonderful feeling. It was a very emotional
thing.

\emph{When I get back home...} Ana thought.

\emph{I'm going to tell my father. I'm going to tell him that I don't
think rock and roll is terrible music for delinquents anymore.}

It was hard to tell just how many songs they had performed so far.

Before long, the venue suddenly fell silent, and only one spotlight
remained, while the rest of the lights went out.

While gently playing an acoustic guitar that looked so much like a toy
against his bulky, massive frame, Joe began to sing - quietly, and very
gently. All of the faces in the crowd, which up until now had looked
almost possessed in their fervor, suddenly became very serious, in a way
that seemed almost insincere. And then, someone's voice joined with
Joe's, and they softly sang together.

\emph{Where I came from -\/- where I've gone}

\emph{Don't ask me those things}

\emph{I don't remember -\/- moving on}

\emph{Or how it all began}

\emph{I must be in search of something, though}

\emph{Just what that is -\/- I no longer know}

\emph{}

\emph{But every now and then -\/- I feel it come to mind}

\emph{Those rare times when I think}

\emph{At last I've found -\/- what I set out to find}

\emph{I've had days where I've smiled}

\emph{But I wake up and see it was all just a dream}

\emph{I'm still marching on -\/- same as always, it seems}

\emph{}

\emph{The journey goes on}

\emph{The journey goes on}

\emph{And someday, somewhere}

\emph{I'll finally get there}

\emph{The ones I've met -\/- the ones I've left}

\emph{The ones who still stay close}

\emph{Countless friends -\/- Many as the stars}

\emph{And that number only grows}

\emph{You and I, we can go}

\emph{We can go anywhere}

\emph{}

\emph{The journey goes on}

\emph{The journey goes on}

\emph{And someday I'll find}

\emph{What I'm looking for}

\emph{}Here and there, the song spread like sparks through the air, and
little by little, its flame consumed everything around it, until
finally, almost every member of the audience in that sold out venue had
joined in singing the chorus. And then, when the refrain slowly vanished
like a receding tide, tonight's concert was over.

The four of them couldn't help but sigh.

Unfortunately, they were not going to find one of the fragmented
melodies of Queen Mary's forgotten song here, after all.

They stopped by the dressing room to express their thanks, and Hurricane
Joe treated the three of them to cream sodas. Noel was still fast
asleep. They figured he was catching up on his rest since they may need
to suddenly make use of his powers at any time.

"......Oh that one? That's an ancient hit of mine. It's from way before
any of you kids were even born."

Having crushed eight cans of beer flat, Joe forced a smile that seemed
to be tinged with loneliness.

"I was an inexperienced brat back then, myself. I had no idea what I was
doing when I wrote that one, and yet it's still the greatest
accomplishment of my entire life, which is pretty pathetic to have to
say. I was a bad kid, and did many very stupid things. Eventually I even
gave up music, and tried to spend my life with my beloved bike instead.
But sure enough, that was just a half-assed plan, too. I couldn't earn
money that way at all. So that's why, even at this age, if some town
calls for me, I'll do as they ask, just to earn myself a little pocket
money. Oh, and this guy's here with me, too."

He roughly patted that lanky man in the makeup on his shoulder.

"This is 'Sharp'."

"Nice to meet you."

"Even I don't know his real name. He may have the face of a manager, but
for some reason he's always shaking me down for money. He's been having
money trouble since way back when."

"Oh it's not always like that, boss..."

"Well, I guess you weren't kidding about your journey going on and on,"
Ken said.

"Yup, and those guys are with me the whole way. It's just like the song
says. My journey isn't over yet. Maybe this isn't my last stop. There's
always that chance, right, kid?"

"But..."

Lloyd used one finger to push his glasses into place.

"We know where our `last stop' will be, and it's Mount Itoi. Speaking in
terms of probability, it's also most likely the `last stop' for all of
mankind."

"...Huh?"

Joe blinked his pure-black eyes profusely.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

The three of them exchanged glances.

Joe was a trustworthy adult. He had tons of experience, and fans from
all sorts of towns and cities all over the world. On top of that, he was
a real pro with music! Having him on their side would be very
reassuring.

"Well, you see..."

"...the truth is..."

"...the three of us are..."

The trio was ready to tell him their story as quickly as they possibly
could, but just then...

\emph{\textbf{Knock, knock!}}

"I'm sorry to disturb you."

"We've got flowers for you."

Several of the venue's employees came in, carrying dozens of flower
bouquets. They were gifts from all of his adoring fans. Naturally, Joe
seemed delighted, and he smiled brightly as he instructed them on where
to put each one. Apparently this was not the time to launch into their
detailed backstory.

Feeling a bit dispirited, Ana vacantly looked around at all the flowers,
until her eyes fell upon something she absolutely couldn't believe she
was seeing. In a pink flower pot, adorned with a pink ribbon, and with a
metallic pink balloon attached, there was a certain flower......

"Lloyd, look!!"

"Hmm?"

"Isn't...isn't that the Kannon flower?"

"Oh, this one?"

Joe took the flower pot in his hand, and held it up.

Ohh, it was just as the legend described it. It had seven thin,
transparent petals, and each one was very lightly tinted with color, and
sure enough, each of the seven colors was different!

"M......Mister Joe..."

Lloyd clasped his hands together and knelt desperately on the floor.

"Please, please let me have that flower! I need that flower to save my
mother's life! Please, I'm begging you!"

"Hmph, 'Mister' Joe?"

Joe snorted. He didn't seem to like the sound of that.

"Uuhm, I mean, Mister Joe, the Super Star!"

"What the..."

"Maestro Joe!"

"Nope."

"Boss?"

"Who are \emph{you} calling boss?"

"Uhhmm...aaahh...oh! I've got it!"

Lloyd clapped his hands suddenly.

"Hurricane Joe!"

"Still wrong."

Joe shook his head a few times.

"My proper title is "\emph{The} Hurricane Joe". ......But here, take it,
kid."

"Uwaah! Th-thank you so much!!"

At that moment, Ana quickly but gently shook Noel to wake him.

"\emph{Mumble mumble}......what is it, why'd you wake me up like that?"

He seemed cranky. Apparently, this kid was the type who wakes up
grouchy.

"We found that flower! We need to get back to Lloyd's home in
Merrysville right away!"

"Mmm\textasciitilde yaaawn, ahh, I see. Alright then, let's go."

"What? H-hold on, Noel, wait, we don't want to-\/-"

\emph{......to startle Mister Joe by suddenly vanishing or anything like
that!} ...is what Ana meant to say, but by then, they were already gone.

But she didn't have to worry. At least, she didn't have to worry about
\emph{that}, specifically.

Because Noel, who had still been half asleep, ended up teleporting
everyone in the room along with them - Joe, "Sharp", and all the other
band members, too.

\textbf{Chapter 7 - Homeward Bound}

They were on an empty roadway that was wide and very distinguished. From
this road, they could see a charmingly built cluster of stylish
mansions. Each and every house was huge, luxurious, and elegant. There
was fresh air, greenery, and sunshine in abundance, and everything was
very pure and wholesome.

Ana had the feeling she'd seen this very same landscape once before.
That's right, maybe it was in that old sci-fi movie she loved so much.
The movie that starred a friendly, hungry little alien. He was very
different from the ones that were coming down to earth now - this one
made friends with an earth boy, and the two of them flew through the sky
on a bicycle. When they looked down at the earth in mid-flight, they
could see beautiful, pure-blue pools filled with water! What a luxury,
she had thought, and how jealous she was. Back in Snowman, if you tried
to set up a pool, before you even had time to dive in, it would already
have become an ice skating rink.

And right in the middle of this town of Merrysville, where the streets
were filled with houses that all looked as though they probably had
swimming pools behind them\ldots{} That is where this strange group
suddenly found themselves.

Noel, the baby with supernatural powers, the three Warriors who are
certainly familiar to you by now, and several adult musicians including
Hurricane Joe. And as this was their first time encountering any sort of
supernatural powers, these older musicians were, naturally, absolutely
horrified.

"W...w...w-what the hell is going on?"

"Is this a dream, reality, or a hallucination?"

"This is absurd...something straight out of a Franz Kafka book!"

"Waahh, mommy, I don't want to do this anymore, come take me home!"

"Maybe they're...doing some kind of revival of the Twilight Zone?"

"No, no, we just went through the Anywhere Door!"

Some of these older men were very excited, some were flat-out panicking.
And some of them were frolicking around and shouting, as though they'd
become children again.

Noel, who had just realized what had happened, had on a very suiting
apologetic expression.

"......I'm sorry......this is inexcusable......I'll bring everyone back
later but....for now...\emph{mumble mumble}...I can't do
anything...goodnight. Mmhh..."

And then, in the blink of an eye, he was asleep again. He had probably
used up all of his power instantly because he'd transported far more
mass than was necessary - this mode of transportation was terribly fuel
inefficient.

Then.

Taking no notice at all of the musicians or Noel, seeming completely
unaware of any of it, Lloyd immediately broke into a run. Of course, she
figured, in the direction of his house.

\textbf{"Mamaaaa\textasciitilde!"}

\emph{Oh no, if he runs like that, he's going to end up dropping that
precious flower!}

Ana was anxious, but the sleeping Noel was heavy in her arms, so she
couldn't keep up with Lloyd. And Ken was doing his absolute best to calm
the musicians, so Ana couldn't hand Noel over to him, either.

But at any rate...

It appeared as though Lloyd had been living a very comfortable life
here. He was running past a mailbox by the side of the road and up to a
two-story, colonial style house that was far more extravagant than even
the others around it. On each of the windowsills facing the street,
there were bright red geraniums growing all in rows. In the yard, there
were hybrid tea roses and some rare rose breeds, and in the midst of
those there were many other types of flowers that looked very well cared
for, and they were blooming profusely. Under the carriage porch, there
were two very cute and unique-looking cars, which appeared to be
European.

Ana was very surprised.

Noel had slipped a little, so Ana pulled him back up into her arms with
a little effort, and couldn't help but shake her head slightly.

If she was being honest, this was a bit anticlimactic. When she had been
told that he lived alone with a single mother, she couldn't help but
imagine something out of all the world-famous fairy tales - a very poor
and plain-looking home. After his dad had left them, surely, it was a
very painful time...a very sad time, during which the mother and son
would have cuddled close and comforted one another, and they'd have to
learn to live very frugally, or so she had imagined. He wouldn't be able
to buy the things he wanted, wouldn't be able to focus on his
schoolwork, things like friendships would be hindered by complex
feelings, and his life would have been unhappy and full of hardship, she
had thought. And then there was that final blow - his mother's illness.
Ana had convinced herself that when Lloyd had been earning all that
money by using his skills for those illegal "side-jobs", it was a sort
of necessary sin that even God would have to forgive, as he worked hard
to pay for her medicines and bills from the doctor.

Somehow, this didn't feel that way at all. It seemed like he had been
living in a very comfortable and extravagant way this whole time. The
image she'd created in her head had completely collapsed.

But of course, no matter how rich someone's life may seem at a glance,
it doesn't mean they are not unhappy, because surely, unhappiness can
appear in any place, at any time, and under any circumstances.

And this was proof of that.

"Ah, ah, aaaaahhh!!"

Lloyd was staggering.

Apparently he'd received a terrible shock. He couldn't even stand up
straight. At this point, the pot containing that precious Kannon flower
was in serious danger of falling.

"What's wrong?"

"She's not here! Mama's not here!!"

"What?"

"She's not in her bed, not in her room...she's gone. Maybe she finally
had to be taken to the hospital. Or else, or else...maybe it's even
worse than that...maybe I took too long to find this flower......maybe
in the end I was too late...... No, no...no. That can't be it! That
can't be it at all, if it were, she would surely have left some sort of
farewell letter. Of course. Mama's not dead. Mama's still waiting for
this flower. She needs this flower. That's right. It has to be!!"

With his reddened eyes opened so wide that he looked completely
unhinged, Lloyd mumbled the same words over and over again - "The
flower...the flower...the flower...the flower..."

And that's when Ana suddenly remembered them. That huge fleet, flying
off towards Merrysville. Those silver-colored saucers they had seen
above them in the desert, in such overwhelming numbers. She could
picture them so clearly in her mind's eye as she recalled how they flew
across the sky, side by side, in perfect formation.

But, she didn't think she should try pointing this out to Lloyd right
now. It would only upset him more. It would be too cruel.

"Hey, maybe we should go ask the neighbors? Maybe they might know
something?"

"Ah, y-yeah. That's a good idea! Mister Walker!!"

He tripped while jumping over a hedge between the two properties, and
then Lloyd knocked on his neighbor's door.

"Andy! Barbara! Chris and Dean, Ethel! Uncle Sam! ...Is anyone there?
It's your neighbor, Lloyd! Can you come out, just for a moment?"

"Lloyd...? It's Lloyd!"

There was no one in the house, but peeking out from the backyard, there
was an older man in overalls who had a rosy red nose and cheeks to
match.

"Sam!"

"Lloyd! You stupid little boy!"

The older man held a small trowel over his head and he lunged at Lloyd.
But he couldn't land even one blow. One of his legs seemed to be
impaired. He looked to be in pain as he limped along, and he couldn't
move very nimbly, so it was very easy for Lloyd to avoid his attacks.

"Eey, quit dodging. Take your beating, you awful little brat!"

At the sound of the man's nasal voice, Lloyd finally surrendered. Seeing
this, the man dropped the trowel halfway through a downward swing, and
instead he took Lloyd into his arms and squeezed him with all his might,
while his shoulders trembled and he wailed like a crying child.

"Where have you been, you little jerk?! You damned little wretch! All
while your mother has been in so much danger!"

"Well, I......danger...? What do you mean by that?! What happened?"

"They're gone, everyone's gone!"

"Well where did they go?"

"I don't know. One day some kind of spaceship came flying through here,
and every mother disappeared from their houses!"

"W...what?"

"And then..."

The man's nose was running, and was becoming more and more red.

"And then, their sons, and Gilliam from next door, and Hank from across
the way, they just up and left! The bookstore owner, the insurance
salesman, the dog trainer... That dandy piano teacher, Frank, and even
that sourpuss James, from the repair shop...in the end, all the men from
this town, all of them....they all gathered at Matthew the fire chief's
house, and they all brought things like hunting rifles and survival
knives, and anything else you could consider a weapon, and they went
off, to who knows where. This is war, I tell you, war!"

"............"

"The only ones left here now are the children, and the useless old men
like me. Aah, it's so pathetic. I'm so frustrated. It makes me...it
makes me...it makes my blood boil......I'd rather have died than have to
suffer this kind of humiliation!"

Sam blew his nose with a loud \emph{honk!} into his sleeve.

"And on top of it all, I was the last name you called out for, out of
everyone else, even though we're family! Boo-hoo-hoo-\/-!!"

"I...I'm sorry, it's just that I..."

"Hmph. I know, you were going in alphabetical order, weren't you."

"...That's right."

"What's going on? What the heck happened here?"

Ken came to Lloyd's side, along with the army of older men who had
finally composed themselves. Ana lightly touched Noel, and she sighed
with relief, but then...

"Hmm?! Just who are all you people?!"

Uncle Sam picked up a broom that had been resting on the side of the
house, and taking several pained steps forward, he bravely stood in
their path.

"Stop! You scoundrels! This here is Sam Walker's house. You have no
right to trespass on my property!"

That menacing look made everyone stop in their tracks. Appearing as they
did, it was hard not to think all these musicians looked like enemy
underlings in some action drama movie. They looked over each other's
suspicious get-ups, and couldn't help but break into embarrassed smiles.

"Old man, old man..."

Ken scratched the back of his head.

"You'll have to excuse us. We're friends of Lloyd's."

"Are they really...?"

Lloyd shrugged coyly. It seemed that talking things out like this had
restored his calm composure.

"Is that so. Well in that case, alright! You guys look really shady,
but, all of you, head on in through my front door, and hang out in my
living room - I'll let you drink some of my special black tea, even.
It's my treat."

"......Wait, old man......"

Hurricane Joe attempted to protest on his behalf.

\textbf{"At attention!"}

Standing to the side of the open front door, Sam was holding his broom
more or less like a soldier presenting arms while barking orders in a
sharp voice, and Joe couldn't help but to suddenly stand up perfectly
straight.

\textbf{"Company, fall in!"}

Ken, the musicians, and everyone else hurried to line up with Hurricane
Joe.

"Is everyone present? Looks like we're all here. Alright. Hey you there,
suck in that gut! Well then. All together nooow, march! ...HUP, two,
HUP, two......Hey there, pick up the pace!! HUP, two, HUP, two. Yeah,
you've got the rhythm, you can do it, all of you, if you try. HUP, two,
HUP two!"

The men marched orderly along to the double time beat and disappeared
through Sam's front doorway, and Lloyd, one arm clutching the Kannon
flower pot tightly, held out his free arm in a very polite, graceful,
and inviting way. Ana lifted her skirt by the hem and curtsied slightly,
then took Lloyd's arm in her hands, and they both went through the
doorway together.

The old man's "special tea" really did taste very good. They were also
treated to buckwheat pancakes with caramelized apples, fresh
strawberries, and loads of whipped cream, and it was all absolutely
wonderful.

During times of sadness, misery, and pain, when you don't know what to
do, filling your belly with all sorts of delicious things is a good
place to start. It gives you vitality. Builds up your strength. Surely
this old man, who had been the only member of his family left behind,
would have had to constantly cheer himself up in this way. Ana, Lloyd,
and the others did try to help, but he was perfectly adept at preparing
these things even for such a large crowd.

And so, they took this time to enjoy their tea and settle themselves
down.

While having their second cup of hot milk tea, the kids, Joe, and Uncle
Sam were finally able to discuss with one another the things they knew,
the things they'd done so far, and the things that were on their minds.
They were getting it all out there.

"So you're looking for some strange song?"

Uncle Sam put the teapot back down and jerked his chin in indication.

"How about that jukebox over there?"

"A jukebox?"

"Yeah. I found it a long time ago in a thrift shop, but it turns out
it's a piece of junk that can't play even one single song. Ho-ho-ho, if
you lot can make this thing play using your PSI powers or whatever, I
wonder what would happen?"

The thing was a very gaudy shade of pink. It looked like an
old-fashioned, showy, very garish and bizarre piece of furniture, or, on
the contrary, like some kind of venerable antique with a profound
history. But...

When Ken casually approached it, suddenly he let out a tiny yelp.

"This mark here! It's the same as this badge I got a while back!"

The one Pippi had given him as a sign of their friendship, the Franklin
Badge! This thing only accepted tokens that were no longer available,
apparently. Ken very easily removed the clasp from the badge.
Cautiously, he inserted it into the slot.

Ah, it played a melody!

And it was definitely that nostalgic, melancholy melody. The older men
who now perfectly understood the situation all seemed to become
emotional, as if something kept deep in their hearts, something no one
had ever touched, had been awakened.

With that, out of the seven they were seeking, they had found six. There
was only one left.

The three of them replayed the parts of the song that they had collected
so far, using the ocarina and their own voices. Joe's band members added
beautiful undertones to it, one by one. It was a gorgeous harmony. Their
beautiful a capella style easily overtook the discordant squeaking of
the ocarina. Joe himself gestured to the old man asking to be handed an
old guitar that was lying around the house and he tried to accompany
them, but the strings had gone funny and it was completely out of tune.
Left with no other option, Joe began to sing, with that deep voice of
his, and everyone else couldn't help but to stop their own singing to
listen. It was hard to dismiss Ana's fine and clear soprano voice, but
that melody, when sung so faithfully in an adult man's well-practiced
singing voice, felt as though it truly had some kind of mystical power.
If they could only fill in that last little part, it would be perfect.

"Good grief. Who would have guessed that melody we went through so much
difficulty to find was right in my neighbor's house the whole time."

Lloyd sighed.

"But it was supposed to be in Ellay, wasn't it?"

Ana shot a fleeting glance at Noel.

"True, but......well, I guess if we hadn't gone there, we wouldn't have
come back here, right......?"

"Oh blue bird, little blue bird...there's no place like home!"

Ken mocked them with a silly grin, but then he came to his senses and
went suddenly pale.

"Speaking of home......Hey uncle, I need to use your phone for a
minute!"

"Long-distance...?"

"Don't be stingy. It's a local call."

He seemed to have a bad premonition.

Ken's twin little sisters answered the phone, and they were crying in
stereo.

"Big brother!"

"Big brother, where did she go?"

"What happened? What's wrong?"

"It's mom..."

"Mom is..."

"What?!"

Of course...Lloyd's uncle had said that suddenly, one day, all of the
mothers in that city had disappeared. Ken's home was in a suburb of
Podunk, the next town over - Whatever had happened in Merrysville must
have happened there, too......!

They were very busy for the next half of that day. Ken went to get his
little sisters, while Joe, his band members, and Ana split off into
groups to gather the latest information from the people who were still
left in their houses throughout the neighborhood. So that it would
continue to thrive until his mother arrived home safely, Lloyd and his
uncle transplanted the Kannon flower to a spot in the backyard with the
healthiest soil. Noel continued sleeping, on and on, all by himself, but
you can't blame him for that - he was still just a baby, after all.

And then, night fell.

After dinner, everyone gathered again in Uncle Sam's living room.

"I think the final phase has already begun."

As Lloyd said this, he seemed to be struck by the weight of his own
words, and he wrung his hands together.

"We can't delay another moment. I've given it a lot of thought. And
there are so many things I still don't understand. For one thing, why is
it that in Youngstown, all the adults disappeared? While only the moms
went missing around here? Just what the heck do these invaders want? I
don't even understand why they came to earth in the first place......but
then there's also the fact that they've been hypnotizing animals and
humans at random, too......I almost...I almost get the feeling that
they're desperately searching for something. Don't you think so?"

Not a single person gave a reply. Lloyd looked around at all the adults,
and at his traveling companions, and he shook his head a little
bashfully.

"I didn't mean to make you all so gloomy. Well, this time I'll list out
all the things I \emph{do} know. First of all, these things are all
somehow definitely tied to Queen Mary. She's probably not lying when she
says that something will happen when we find that last melody. And, both
the aliens and all the people they took with them are said to be on
Mount Itoi......so the men of this town were probably heading towards
that mountain. So, what about us, what can we do?"

Ken slowly and lazily lifted his hand. Lloyd nodded toward him in
recognition.

"How about PSI?"

"What do you mean, how about it?"

"Well, like I've told you...apparently my great-grandpa had been
studying PSI, and I've been told that I'm a lot like him......well, what
I mean to say is... uhh... I'm no good with words, but... I feel like
something around here might make everything just kinda click into place.
And then, once it does, all of these mysteries will be solved."

"That's right!"

"That's right!"

Mimmie and Minnie cried out in stereo.

"Just leave it to our big brother."

"Our big brother is the only one we need to rely on."

It seemed the two of them had a brother complex.

"That's what papa told us."

"And papa knows everything!"

...And a father complex, apparently.

"But papa..."

"He hasn't been calling us on the phone."

"I wonder if he's alright."

"And mama? Hey, where did mama go?"

"Will big brother go off somewhere, too?"

"Will he leave us?"

"Mimmie is scared."

"Minnie is scared, too."

"Please don't leave us."

"Please don't. Don't!"

With a terrible wail, they both began crying in unison.

"Mimmie. Minnie."

Ken hugged both of his sisters tight.

"I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I know exactly how you're both feeling. I
understand, but...your big brother doesn't know what to do, either."

"Waah!"

"Wah...waah!"

"Please behave yourselves. The two of you are strong little girls.
You're this big brother's little sisters after all, aren't you? So I'm
asking you to stay calm, and be patient. You'll only need to hang in
there just a little bit longer. Everyone's going to come back happy,
healthy, and safe, I'm sure."

"Really?"

"Really??"

They stared up at him with earnest eyes, and Ken couldn't help but to
look at Lloyd and Ana.

"...We should go," Ana said softly.

"...To Mount Itoi. I think it's time for us to go there."

"I was thinking the same thing."

Lloyd nodded.

"There's only one melody left. I think we should take a look at what
we're up against, at least once, before we find the last one. If we do
that, we might even be able to find all those people who have been taken
prisoner and set them free before our final battle."

"Well that's it then......we're going. To Mount Itoi!"

"Right."

"Let's go!"

The three of them looked into each other's eyes, and they were filled
with strong determination.

"Oh, fearless young leaders!"

Hurricane Joe raised one of his thick arms.

"Well...this old man has only one suggestion."

"And what is that?"

"That \emph{you} stay behind."

He pointed at Lloyd, whose eyes opened wide as he gave a puzzled little
squeak. Lloyd seemed as though he was about to protest, but Joe leaned
his huge body forward and rested his elbow on his knee, and he went on.

"Would you be okay with that? Look. I know from experience going on long
tours that it's very important to be able to keep your cool. You can't
collapse until after you hit that final stage. It's no good if you get
too fired up halfway through and come on too strong. It seems like a
good idea at the time, because you're caught up in all of the
excitement, but it won't last. There will be a time when giving it your
absolute all will be necessary, but it's crucial to remember that until
that very end comes, you must never let yourself burn out entirely. It's
really important to assess every situation with a cool head, get a good
grip on everything and keep it under control. Well, basically, I can't
let a kid like you treat his life as something disposable, and have him
lose it in some attempt at a noble sacrifice."

"......Keep your cool......?"

Lloyd touched his fist to his lips and seemed to be deep in thought, as
Joe went on.

"Generally speaking...in any war, there's some kind of tactical
headquarters set up, usually somewhere safe and protected, where the
front line fighters can retreat to if need be, isn't that right, old
man?"

Uncle Sam seemed flustered by being suddenly addressed like this, but as
all the eyes in the room fell upon him, he proudly puffed out his chest
with an apparent air of importance, and emphatically nodded his head.

"So, here's my suggestion. I think the brains of that tactical team
should be...you, don't you think?"

Lloyd adjusted his glasses.

"Well then, you need to stay somewhere safe, where you can also protect
those noisy little girls and that baby who does nothing but sleep.
Now...the closest town to Mount Itoi is Ellay. From there, you can take
a path up the mountainside, but you'd need some kind of vehicle in order
to make the climb. It would be too difficult for an average sedan, but
luckily, 'Sharp' here has an SUV."

"W...what? N-no way!"

"Sharp" jumped to his feet, but a sidelong glance from Joe made him sit
right back down, flustered.

"It's a decent car. Although it's not as fast as teleportation would be.
But, you kids can't drive, I'm sure, and you'd only end up getting lost
on that mountain road, so..."

Joe paused, and gave a wide grin.

"I'm coming with you!"

\textbf{Chapter 8 - The Secret Lake}

The Land Cruiser bumped and rattled as it climbed that long, long
mountain road. Joe practically flew over that terrible rock-covered path
and around those awful curves, whistling as he drove. Because of all the
wild shaking and swaying, Ken, who sat in the passenger seat, was
constantly in danger of being whacked by Joe's elbows as he turned the
steering wheel.

Joe truly looked like a powerful warrior. He had that kind of body to
begin with. And the tiger stripe-pattern camouflage and rugged jungle
boots matched his rough look perfectly. His army green T-shirt was
extra-large, but it was still too tight around his bulky shoulders and
arm muscles, so he had cut notches into the sleeves. Once he got out of
the car again, he would be wearing two bandoliers in the shape of an X,
have a carbine gun slung over his shoulder, and would be ready to push
onward, machete in hand...he was the real deal.

Ken, who had been put in charge of coordination, couldn't help but
admire his manliness.

If she was being honest, Ana wasn't feeling very well at all.

But it wasn't carsickness from that terrible road, it was a feeling of
displeasure over being excluded from the "Man's World" of her two
companions. From the very beginning, she had never liked this kind of
violent and war-like attitude. And because only the three of them had
come here together, the feeling of being left out was making her
miserable.

On top of that, seeing him side-by-side with Joe, Ken suddenly looked a
bit like a helpless little child. He seemed so small and thin, and so
weak. She couldn't help but compare her only two companions to one
another.

There were mountainous shoulders taking up the entire driver's seat, and
in the passenger seat, a delicate little neck.

A little sigh slipped out.

Ana turned her eyes to gaze out through the window.

The road wound straight up the side of the mountain, so as soon as they
were clear of some overhanging rocks, the whole surrounding countryside
spread out before her in a panoramic view. To the north, she could see
the low peaks of the Farsight mountain range. Down below, at the foot of
the steep, rocky mountainside, there was a fog that looked thick enough
to be scooped with a spoon, and it drifted lazily with the wind. They
were already at a higher altitude than those other peaks, and most of
the ridges were well below her eye level.

There was hardly any snow at all, despite spring still being so far off
for this mountain, and the trees hadn't yet awakened and become green
again. They were barren and twisted, clinging to this merciless ground
they had sprouted from, but these trees were not dead. After enduring
the long, cold winter, fresh new buds would do their best to grow and
bloom, and life's still-hidden power, its hidden colors, would cover
these mountains one by one in elegant, nuanced shades, complex and yet
very different from the florid tones of autumn.

Through a break in the clouds the sunlight poured down, and beyond the
mist, it painted absolutely everything it touched in different tones of
light and shadow. It filled her entire field of view, and yet she still
couldn't see everything, so her head practically spun in circles trying
to take in all of this incredibly magnificent sight.

Right in the heart of Ellay, a town filled only with such artificial
things, this expanse of nature had been left untouched by human hands.
Or, rather...maybe it was because of this overwhelming presence of
nature that humans felt the need to build such a town in the first
place.

"......This scenery is amazing......"

She spoke aloud without realizing it, and Joe looked at her through the
rearview mirror and shot her a smile worthy of a toothpaste commercial.

"But you're so pale, Ana. If you've got time to be so moved by the
scenery, you're gonna be just fine."

"I-I'm alright."

"Pale? Are you sick again?"

Ken looked over his shoulder at her.

"Ana's no good in anything that moves. She's such a prissy girl."

"I said I'm fine! That's not what it is."

She couldn't help but to puff out her cheeks and pout. Ken shrugged his
shoulders in silence, and then turned back around. Immediately he began
talking to Joe again. He pointed at something or other, and seemed to be
enjoying himself.

\emph{What was that......? If he was really concerned, he wouldn't have
just left it at that.}

\emph{'Such a prissy girl', he said? 'No good'?}

"That's not what it is..."

Mumbling this in a hushed voice so that no one would hear her, she
stealthily tried to rub her cheeks with her hands to bring some color
back into them.

When they reached the top of the mountain, the road became even more
rugged. If she even tried to chat with them, she'd only end up biting
her own tongue.　But the roar of the engine was so loud that they
wouldn't be able to hear her unless she started yelling, anyway. So she
just listened to the other two's reverberating voices as they spoke.

"This here is a secret road. I know it pretty well, me and my friends
used to come up here all the time."

\emph{\textbf{Rattle-rattle-rattle! Crash-crash-crash!}}

"It's the best place to bring a lady when you're trying to put the moves
on her. The scenery is gorgeous, the air is sweet. Gives you a good
chance to show off your skills. And if that doesn't work, you can always
just threaten to leave her up here. Wa-hahahahaha!"

"Ahahaha! You're terrible!"

"Terrible? That's rich. It's not that I'm terrible, Ken, I'm just a guy.
You know what I mean?"

"...I guess."

"Wahahahahahaha, what are you playing at? The ladies, they always want
to act all prim and prissy to the very end, but then we act like wild
animals, win them over, and then it's all 'Take me, I'm yours!'"

"Hmm...... Joe, have you ever been married?"

"Gah!! Y-yeowch, I just bit my damn tongue."

"There was a girl you liked, right? What kind of girl was she? Was she
cute?"

"Well, let's see now. Me... Personally, I don't go for the well-endowed
girls or anything like that. I think graceful, beautiful women are more
my type, honestly."

Ana was pretending she couldn't hear them, but her heart was pounding
unbearably.

She thought they were having a very terrible conversation, but she also
wondered if it might be true. Even though she was a girl of the church
(or maybe because of this?), she found it attractive when a boy was just
a little "bad". There were plenty of guys out there who were serious,
tidy, and orderly, like her father.

"\emph{...a girl you liked}".

Ken's words still echoed in her ears.

\emph{Maybe next they'll talk about the girls \textbf{Ken} likes. I
wonder what "types" Ken could possibly be into...}

She couldn't keep these thoughts from whirling through her head.

"......She was a student at Radcliffe. Her eyebrows were like,
\emph{this} thick, it was unbelievable. I knew she had a wonderful
personality, and she was very sweet, but the things she said were always
so harsh... Ah, but, you know how women are - in the end, she held me
down and she...whoops!"

Unfortunately, or maybe fortunately...before Joe could finish this story
about a girl he once loved, he was forced to stop the car.

A large tree had fallen across the road. Maybe it had been struck by
lightning, or had been pulled down by heavy snow. The poor thing had
still been alive when it was cracked in two, and now it was blocking the
entire roadway. Up until now, they'd been able to force their way over
small bumps and through low-hanging branches, but this obstacle was just
a little bit too big. They wouldn't be able to drive past this one.

Ken and Joe got out of the SUV. Without a word, they both took hold of
the huge tree, signaled to one another with their eyes, and -
\textbf{OOF!} - they pushed with all their might. Both of their faces
turned beet-red, but the tree didn't move an inch.

Ana got out of the car, too. Ken was flopped over on his back on the
ground, panting desperately, and right next to him was Joe, who didn't
seem as strained by their efforts, as he kneaded his chin and appeared
to be thinking things over.

"Hmmm......well, there's no getting through this way. And I know of a
long detour, but...we don't have enough gas for that. This is looking
bad."

"Joe..."

Ana looked up at the giant, bulky man.

"...don't get scared, alright?"

"Huh?"

Ana turned towards the tree, gently closed her eyes, and concentrated.

\emph{Light...}

\emph{Energy...}

\emph{Living spirits...}

\emph{Flow through me......!}

\emph{\textbf{Spaaark!!}}

\emph{}"Oh yeah, I forgot about that."

Ken had a smirk on his face, and by his side, Joe (who had, in fairness,
been given proper warning beforehand) stood stock-still with his mouth
hanging wide open. Without saying a word, Ana returned to the car, and
as though nothing had even happened, she neatly got right back into her
seat and waited...and after a little bit of time, the car started moving
again. It seemed that Joe was a little rattled. From that point on, he
seemed less spirited in their conversations than he had been before.

That large tree, of course, had vanished without a trace.

The SUV circled around mountains, traversed through valleys, and crossed
over streams, until finally, they arrived at the foot of Mount Itoi.

"Alright, we get out here."

Joe loaded a massive mountain-climbing rucksack onto his back (which
still looked so much easier for him than an average person lifting an
average pack), and held a giant flashlight in his hand. Ken was wearing
a backpack and holding a relatively large flashlight. All Ana carried
with her was one oil lantern. All three of them wore helmets with
electric lights on the front.

The fastest way to get to the top was through a limestone cavern!

"Are you sure you know the way?"

"Just leave it to me!"

Joe pounded his chest.

"There's a stream up ahead. All we have to do is follow it. When I was a
little brat, I used to come here to play Tom Sawyer all the time...I
know this place like the back of my hand."

"And I bet you brought a different `Becky' with you each time, didn't
you?"

Ken nudged him sharply with his elbow, but Joe shot a fleeting glance at
Ana, coughed nervously, and went on.

"Generally speaking, this place isn't in its original, natural state. A
long time ago, it was made into a tourist attraction, so here and there
you'll find signboards with information on them and things like that.
They put up scaffolding in all the most dangerous spots, and safety
nets, too. At some point, the plan to continue this pathway fell
through, though. It's not the kind of place where you can get lost
easily. But, it is very slippery, so be careful. Well then, let's go!"

\emph{Drip-drop, dripp! Drip-drop......dripp!}

From somewhere far off, they could hear the sound of water droplets,
like remnants after a heavy rain. In contrast, the silence of the inside
of the limestone cave seemed very pronounced.

Everywhere that the light from their flashlights and lanterns could
reach, from the walls, to the ceiling, to the ground, each nook and
cranny was filled with the strange stones and boulders peculiar to a
limestone cave, and they glistened like ice. Almost everything was some
shade of white, but there were also some slight hints of rose, and
tinges of blue, and everything looked very delicate. There were rows of
things that looked like mushrooms, some that looked like human faces,
and some that looked exactly like crouching frogs. Their shapes were all
so different from one another.

The path gently sloped upward at times and then downward, or meandered
in zig-zags, but still, they continued on. There were parts that were so
narrow, they thought they couldn't possibly slip through, and parts that
were so wide and tall that they suddenly felt as though they were in the
halls of a cathedral. Here and there, just as Joe had said, they found
old, rotting signboards, but the text on them was hardly legible
anymore. At one point, a huge stalagmite suddenly appeared before them,
looking so much like a person waiting in ambush, and the three of them
instinctively recoiled and got ready for a fight. But in the end, the
only thing that moved (besides their party, of course) was one lone
skinny bat, which took flight and fluttered off somewhere into the
distance.

The cave was very long, and as they steadily walked onward, little by
little, they began to feel as though they'd been affected by some magic
spell. The scenery was by no means boring (unlike the desert), but any
path feels even longer when you don't know when it will end. They began
to feel as though they'd walked through some of these same places
before. On top of that, even though they were still in the real, actual,
normal world, none of the scenery around them gave that impression
anymore.

As she walked, Ana eventually found herself thinking about that Magicant
place. And when she did, that strange, fragile loneliness she had fallen
into when she had been there came back to her, through time and space,
just as distinctly as before.

Back then, their three-member party consisted of Ken, Lloyd, and Ana.
Now, it was Ken, Joe, and Ana. It wasn't significant enough to consider
it a coincidence, but it was once again a three-part team.

She felt like maybe she was jinxed.

Three was supposed to be a lucky number, wasn't it?

If you try to divide it simply, you get two on one side, and one on the
other. And when their groups split up, Ana was never on the side where
she would have had a companion, she was always on the other side, all by
herself. She couldn't say for certain, but she always got the feeling
that whenever they went off without her, they suddenly had a very
"Boys-Only Club" attitude about them.

\emph{But, I guess it all depends on how you look at it,} Ana thought.

\emph{You're fine, you're fine! Cheer up! Stop moping over such trivial
things, stop it!}

Ah, that was it. Things were totally different now than they were when
Lloyd had been there.

Lloyd and Ken were already friends, who had been together on a whole
journey of their own that Ana hadn't known, so it was natural that they
would be closer to one another. They were also both boys, and had lived
in the same general area, so their worlds and ways of life were already
very similar. She couldn't blame them if they didn't feel the same way
about her, some girl who they'd added to their party later on.

But Joe wasn't like that. He was very much an adult, and they'd only
just met him the other day. He should be the one being left out, not
Ana.

\emph{If three always equals two plus one jinx, maybe this time, the
jinx should actually be...}

"Yaaah!"

Deeply submerged in her own thoughts, she stumbled a bit. Suddenly she
realized there was a stream of water trickling right at her feet.

As they went on deeper and deeper into the cave, this stream was
becoming wider and wider. If she didn't walk carefully, she'd get her
socks wet, so she had to stay aware of it. She could also hear a
thunderous sound rising. At this point, it was too deep to call it a
stream anymore. The stalactites hanging down from above made it so she
couldn't see the whole thing at once, but it looked like a terribly
enormous lake. The water was blue, and completely transparent. Because
it flowed from deep underground where there was no light, it seemed very
cold, and very clear.

\emph{That water looks delicious}, Ana thought.

But maybe it wasn't fit for drinking. Maybe she absolutely shouldn't try
drinking it at all. It might be dangerous, since it was so close to
enemy territory. It was too risky. She couldn't be certain that poison
hadn't been dissolved into it. She had no way of knowing \emph{what}
could possibly be in there.

"It's probably at just about thirty-two degrees."

Joe seemed to notice that Ana was staring motionlessly at the water, so
he spoke to her over his shoulder. The light from his helmet and the
flashlight he held in his hand reflected off the nearby rocks, and cast
weird shadows across his face, which made him look a little eerie.

"That's the freezing point, or, in other words, the temperature at which
water turns to ice."

It seemed like he was trying to take Lloyd's place as the informative
member of the group.

"Since this water's constantly flowing, it will never actually freeze.
But it's extremely cold. And that's why there aren't any fish or
plankton or anything like that here. There may be minerals mixed in
there, but it seems too clear for that, the water seems too pure. A
while back, many of the divers who were sent down there to do research
met with very unfortunate accidents, apparently. The extreme cold, and
the exceptionally clear quality of the water probably messed with their
depth perception, I'd guess."

Ana nodded softly.

"That's so scary."

"Yeah."

"But, it's still pretty."

Ken pulled something out of his pocket and tossed it into the water. The
spreading ripples cast a flickering, blue-tinged pattern of light onto
his face, which once again looked so strangely unfamiliar. But those
blue eyes were still the same, those eyes that perfectly matched the
color of the water in this lake hidden so deep in the earth. That pure
blue color, always so clear, always so deep, was the only thing that
never changed.

\emph{So pretty...}

Ana rephrased herself, and her heart beat a little faster.

\emph{\textbf{They} are. \textbf{They're} pretty.}

\emph{Ken's eyes, I mean, and very much so. No...no, it's not just his
eyes. You can't really tell, since he's always joking around, but when
he's calm and focused like this, Ken's face is truly handsome. But I'm
not sure if he even realizes it, himself.}

"This lake, here..."

Joe was still passing along his knowledge.

"...definitely has the highest degree of clarity of all of the seas and
lakes in the world. We might even be able to see straight down to the
bottom from here. But it's easily a good five hundred feet down. Hey,
Ken, why don't you jump on in and check it out? If you can touch the
bottom, I'll give you a Dolphin Medal."

"...What's that?"

"Back in my high school, they gave out Dolphin Medals to all the guys
who were particularly good at swimming."

"No thanks. I don't want to die in a place like this, myself."

"Heh heh heh."

\emph{I wonder}, Ana thought.

\emph{Would it be so bad? Or would it end up being kind of wonderful?}

\emph{After all, the second you hit that freezing cold water, you'd
probably have a heart attack. You might not even feel any pain or
suffering. On top of that, if you go all the way down there, where even
plankton and things like that can't live, and your soul leaves your body
behind, it would remain down there for so long, probably forever,
without ever changing.}

\emph{Everyone has to die, someday. And you don't always get to choose
exactly how it will happen. But, if I could choose...}

\emph{It would be here.}

\emph{Underneath this water, unknown to everyone.}

\emph{Set free from the flow of time.}

\emph{Drifting forever and ever, into eternity, within this pure, clear
blue...that would be wonderful, wouldn't it?}

Ana was lost in her imagination, and had gone very absent-minded.

\emph{For a hundred years, Sleeping Beauty was kept deep in a castle
protected by thorny briars, and she didn't age a day. She continued to
wait through all those hundred years, until finally, the prince came to
wake her with that kiss.}

\emph{But this deep blue palace of water is surely much stronger than
even a castle of thorns. The average prince wouldn't be able to fight
his way through it. And then, possibly, the whole hundred years would
pass, and then a thousand, and maybe in the end, no one would be able to
come to the rescue......}

As she stood there so still, staring at it, she felt as if the water
were drawing her in...she felt compelled to throw herself into it...and
Ana suddenly shook her head in a panic. It took all of her strength to
tear her eyes away from that water.

Coming to her senses, she realized that the boys had gone on ahead and
were quickly leaving her behind. If they got too far ahead of her, she
might end up getting lost in here. She needed to catch up with them,
quickly.

But, she couldn't walk. She couldn't leave this spot.

Even if she tried her hardest and took two, three steps, her feet would
stop there. That pull was still so strong.

The pull towards that mysterious blue that was the same shade as a
certain someone's eyes.

The water was gently drawing Ana to it with some unseen power. Wavering
a bit, Ana resisted stubbornly for a short while, but then, suddenly,
she looked back at it again.

She noticed a spot just to the side, right by the water's edge, where
there were some rocks that looked like they were meant to be walked down
over.

In that instant, Ana's feet veered off the path. \emph{Whether you want
to or not, if you don't do this, if you don't do it now, you'll regret
it the rest of your life.} She kept having thoughts like those. She
tried to stop herself, but her feet wouldn't listen.

And then she was finally down there. Right next to it. She could reach
out her hand and touch the water from here.

Ana knelt on a rock, and unconsciously she put her lantern down. She
took off her helmet, too, which was far too large and cumbersome for her
anyway.

She reached down with a trembling hand and touched the water. She
touched it so gently and so slightly that it was hard to tell if she had
actually touched it at all.

Ripples slowly spread across the water's surface.

Then she did it again. Just a fingertip this time. And then, she dipped
one of her hands in. And then she reached in with both hands.

She couldn't feel the coldness at all. Instead, she felt a hot flash.
Compared to that refreshing, vivid, pure feeling of water, she herself,
her human form, her body, her entire world felt so lukewarm, and covered
in sweat. Her heart suddenly felt so heavy and tainted.

A baptism...

Purifying waters...this was holy water......!

Up until just a second ago she worried that it might be dangerous, but
now she couldn't hold back her impulses any longer. Ana clumsily reached
in with both of her little hands and scooped up that beautiful blue.
While it steadily spilled through her fingers, she gracefully lowered
her head, and brought her hands closer to her face. She touched her lips
to it. The water's kiss was soft and cold. She sipped it.

......She drank it......

The glittering droplets danced as they fell.

If one could drink the light of the moon, this is what it would taste
like.

Who could ever have imagined such a thing?

The coldness, like a rush of chilled air, ran through her in an instant,
until it filled her entire body.

And in that moment, the very cells that gave Ana life were altered.

"......What the heck are you doing?"

A blue-eyed boy was looking into the eyes of a girl.

"Hey, hang in there. What happened? Are you sick? Something's not right.
Are you okay?"

The boy was roughly, clumsily shaking her shoulder. The girl softly put
her fingers on the boy's hand, as if to stop him, and the boy, startled,
became still.

"It tastes so good."

The girl spoke very quietly, as if she were telling him some precious
secret.

"...What?"

"This here, it tastes really good."

"Huh......?"

The boy with the blue eyes withdrew his hand. As if he had suddenly
touched something dreadful. As he looked at her, his eyes seemed full of
reproach and worry. What was it that he hated so much? What was he so
afraid of, why was he so hesitant?

The girl became impatient, and gave a little sigh.

\emph{It's delicious. It's so wonderful.}

"Hey...don't you want to try some, too......?"

\emph{Here, I'll scoop some out for him.}

Water droplets continuously fell through the gaps in her fingers as she
held out both her hands to him, and they scattered into a
rainbow-colored beam between the two of them, and...oh, it was so
pretty...

The girl couldn't contain her joy.

\emph{But...oh, it's such a beautiful thing!}

Suddenly, and in a way that seemed almost angry, the boy crouched at the
edge of a rock and violently, recklessly threw off his helmet. Then, in
complete desperation, and as if he were falling or diving in...he
plunged his face into the water.

"......Pyaah!"

\emph{Shake, shake, shake!} Like a dog who had just finished a swimming
session, the boy shook out his golden hair, and his eyes snapped open.

Water dripped from his lips as he opened his mouth wide and panted,
seeking something. Longing for something.

And there it was.

Of course.

This girl had always...always been right there. She had always been
right by his side, watching over him.

Their eyes met.

Now, finally. At last.

The true meaning of it all.

On the wall of the cavern, two separate shadows drew together as if they
were pulled towards one another, and these two shadows, that were once
so distant and disconnected, dissolved into one. Just as two water
droplets flow together, and form one single drop......

\emph{......Do you love me? }Yeah. Of course. \emph{For how long?}
Probably since we first met. \emph{No, it couldn't be. It certainly
didn't seem that way.} I guess...it's complicated. \emph{Well, what was
it then, were you just teasing me?} That's not what it was. \emph{But
you weren't being upfront about it, were you? That's just who you are.}
I guess so. Maybe we were both a little foolish. \emph{Maybe.} But there
was nothing I could do about it...because I was scared. \emph{You were
scared? Of what?} That's just it. It's strange. Now I don't know what
the heck I was so scared of. That you would laugh at me. Or reject me.
That it would change who I am. \emph{Those kinds of things aren't even a
little bit scary.} But I didn't know they weren't scary, and so, I was
scared. It's funny. \emph{Funny?} \textbf{Strange} maybe. But it doesn't
have to be like that anymore. We're here now. \emph{Yeah.} So. Come
here. We're together, right? \emph{Together.} That's right. \emph{I like
it.} I know. \emph{I love you. }I know that, too. \emph{Oh, you know.
Look, I know that you know. }I know that you know that I know. \emph{But
do you know that I know that you know that I know?} ...I know. I can see
it when I look at you. You're right here, in my heart. \emph{And you're
in mine.} Of course. \emph{Of course.} We're together. \emph{Together.}
And you and I will never...\emph{never again}...we'll never be apart
again, I won't let you go\ldots{} so never let me go......

Seeking his lost companions, Joe backtracked alone through the cave, and
was very surprised by the scene he stumbled upon. But, he'd had a whole
life full of experience himself, after all.

"Ah, youth."

He mumbled just this short word under his breath, very purposely fixed
his helmet and shook his head, and then he wandered off somewhere.

They were left alone.

And right here and now...

They weren't Warriors anymore.

They were just a pair of lovers.

When they finally made it through the cave, and were under that blue sky
they felt like they hadn't seen in so many ages, the girl's tiny,
child-like hand was completely enveloped in the boy's bulky, awkward
palm.

And they were so unbelievably happy.

He was holding her hand, that was all. And yet still, he was so overcome
with happiness that he had tears in his eyes (or...of course, this may
have been because of the sudden sunlight piercing into his retinas after
they had adjusted to so much darkness, but the girl chose not to think
of it this way).

What filled up their hearts was an intense passion. It was love. And
love is a lot like a glass needle. If it is not gently and vigilantly
protected it may break, but if you accidentally hold it too tightly it
will pierce your hand and may snap right in two. It's frightening,
painful, fleeting...and so very, very beautiful. It's so beautiful that
you never want to look away from it. You can't help but to feel it and
verify its cold, sharp, and refined shape and texture. You may not be
aware that handling it too much is a dangerous thing to do.

Up until only a short while ago, one of these hands was used only for
prayer, and one of these hands seemed to be made just for fighting. Now
both of those roles had been tossed aside and forgotten. Linking their
hands together restricted their movement, bound their talents, and
restrained their freedom, but the two of them didn't seem to care about
any of that.

There is nothing, anywhere, that is more wonderful than love. And there
is not one thing more precious than being right by your loved one's
side. You can search the whole world, no, the entire Milky Way, for
something more valuable than the true feeling of \emph{knowing} that two
hearts have become one, \emph{together}, and you'd definitely never
discover such a thing.

Even if the entire world were to disappear right now, they wouldn't have
minded.

They were that happy.

And so when, on the top of a hill on the road before them, they noticed
the arrival of a character with all the look of a proper Bad Guy,
gleaming in the very tacky color of a mackerel and accompanied by a
large number of robot soldiers, neither Ken nor Ana even raised an
eyebrow. In fact, it was very doubtful that they were really seeing much
of the world around them at all.

"Y......you two......hey, hey! What the heck do you think you're
doing?!"

Of course, Joe's frantic shouts fell on deaf ears. When that
mackerel-colored character raised its arms as a signal to attack, and
the swarm of similar robot soldiers rushed them, firing off their death
rays, Joe hurriedly pulled the XM177 carbine from his back and began
firing blindly...but even through all this, the two of them held each
others' hands so tightly and so stubbornly. \emph{Never let me go
again.} \emph{\textbf{I won't let you go.}} ...is all that they were
thinking.

The two looked into each other's eyes, and suddenly, there was nothing
that could frighten them. After all, the two of them were trapped in an
endless, shimmering corridor, like two shining mirrors aimed at one
another, and they had completely separated themselves from the entire
outside world.

\emph{Oh!}

...the boy thought, and

\emph{Oh! }❤

...the girl replied.

Her heart and his heart were one. The two of them were together, and
thus, they were complete. Even in the haze of war and a rain of bullets,
their love was eternal and undying.

At one point, one of the robots' beams grazed the boy's cheek, and one
arm of a destroyed robot soldier flew past and ruffled the girl's skirt.
The area all around the two motionless lovers was truly as un-romantic
as it gets, in fact, it was an all-out battleground.

\emph{It's a little noisy here, isn't it?}

The boy's eyes seemed annoyed, and he lightly frowned.

\emph{Oh, that face you're making...it's lovely! }❤

...the girl thought.

\emph{Hey, do you think we should put up a barrier?}

\emph{Oh! You're so clever!} ❤

Ah, that's right. They both had PSI powers. And as the two of them were
now one mind and one soul, surely their Psycho Barrier would be
impenetrable.

\textbf{"Ken, Ana!!!"}

A choir's desperate aria would have sounded like nothing more than a
mosquito's wings to them. The attacks of that enemy character, and
everything else, were automatically shut out. And so the robots, after
seeing that their shots were useless against the other two and not
wanting to be wasteful with their ammo, turned all of their attention
directly on Joe...unfortunately for him.

\textbf{"UWAAAUUUGGHH!!!"}

\textbf{Waaaahnn...!}

\textbf{Waaaaaahhnnn....waaaaaaahhnn!}

A baby was crying. Somewhere far off, it was crying.

\textbf{Waaaaaahhnnn....waaaaaaaaaahhnn!}

The two of them were in a room that had fallen into a deep, deep
darkness.

\textbf{Waaaaaahhnnn....!}

Every time the baby cried, the solid oak door that had shut the room
closed would shudder. It would shake. As if something on the other side
of it was pushing on it with all its might.

\textbf{Waahn...waahn...!}

They didn't want to hear it. They didn't want to open the door. They
didn't want anyone to interfere with things as they were. They didn't
mind being in the darkness...they just wanted to stay here like this.
They wanted to spend time together, just the two of them.

So the two of them pushed back against that door with all their might,
in the hopes of protecting this perfect darkness.

\textbf{Waahn...waaaaaaaaahhnn! Waaaaaaaahhnn!}

\emph{Crunnchh...crunnchh...CRUUNCH!!}

It was no use. There was the dull, painful sound of something tearing to
shreds, and at last, the bolt on the door was broken. For a brief
moment, the door was pried open. The gap was very slight, but the
dazzling light from the world on the other side suddenly shone in, and
it illuminated this pair on their side of the door.

They hastily pushed the door closed. That deep, quiet darkness returned,
and in it, two pairs of eyes blinked, somewhat puzzled.

\emph{What was that, just now?}

\emph{\textbf{It was light. Light from somewhere that isn't here.}}

\emph{Somewhere that isn't here? Is there such a place?}

\emph{\textbf{Ah, there is. I've totally forgotten all about it. But it
exists. And then...I feel like there are other things, precious things,
that I've forgotten.}}

\emph{......Precious...things......}

\textbf{WaaaaaAaahn...waaAahn...WaaAahhnn\ldots{}}

\emph{Crunch...crunchh...cruuuunnchh\ldots{}}

\textbf{Anaaahhnn...anaahn...naaaaAahnn\ldots{}}

\emph{Crunch. Crunch. Crun...crunch...crunchhh......}

Something was pushing the door very persistently. Gradually it became a
definite rhythm, as it was struck over and over again. That slight crack
was growing larger, little by little. Each time the crack grew, light
fell onto those two pairs of eyes. In this world, where there was
nothing to see, those eyes seemed so dazed and unfocused, but slowly,
their vision was beginning to return to them.

\textbf{Aaaaaannaaaaaaahnn......Aaaanaaaa......}

\emph{Crunch-crunch...}

\emph{Cr...\textbf{AAASH!}}

\emph{}\textbf{"Ana!!"}

What she'd been hearing was someone calling to her. Then she
remembered...that was her name.

Ana's eyes shot wide open.

"Noel?!"

Suddenly she was hit with a gust of wild air. The images that suddenly
flooded her vision were all signs of a violent battle. What struck her
the strongest and harshest of all was the stifling, lukewarm scent of
copious amounts of blood.

The two of them weren't lovers anymore, they were Warriors once again.

"......Joe......\textbf{JOE!!}"

Ana ran to him, and Ken tried to help him up.

Joe was completely battered, and had collapsed. Scattered all around him
were the broken remains of their enemies.

Just what on earth had happened? The two of them had absolutely no idea.
They could clearly remember walking around in the limestone cavern.
After that, for some reason, everything felt like it had been a strange
and sweet dream......and the hazy details they could barely recall made
them blush, but they couldn't remember anything specific about what had
happened. They couldn't understand it, but somehow, even though they had
barely been conscious, they were totally unhurt. Maybe Joe had been
protecting them. From the looks of it, he had won, more or less, but Joe
was severely injured. Even though he was a rather large adult, Joe was
the newest and most inexperienced member of the Global Defense Force,
and it appeared he had fought brilliantly. And what had the two of them
done? Wrapped themselves up in a dream, and fled from reality?

"I think they caught us in some kind of nasty trap," Ken muttered, in a
self-mocking way.

"That was really stupid of us."

"I guess we let our guard down..."

"...And they got us."

Their companion had been fighting that whole time, and they hadn't.
Right there on the front lines, they had surrendered the battle. No
matter what the reason, this was the lowest thing they could have done.
The cruelest betrayal. And they were supposed to be Allies of
Justice...?

Ken's throat felt tight.

Ana's eyes were overflowing with regretful tears.

But, if Ana was being honest, she was also feeling a bit regretful about
the traces of that "bad dream" they had just been having, which had
become so hazy and unclear. Like any dream she'd woken up from, over
time it was steadily growing more and more distant, but this one had
been sweet to the point of being heartbreaking, it had been
exceptionally warm, and during it, she had been so unbelievably happy.
To hear such a thing being referred to as a "nasty trap" made Ana
slightly unhappy, and with down-turned eyes, she flittingly glanced at
Ken's face.

His expression was severe. He seemed full of true remorse. Ken had no

lingering fondness for that dream at all anymore.

"Joe!! Hang in there!"

Half of the mighty singer's face was covered in dirt which clung to
beads of sweat, and it had turned ochre in color. With his lips warped
in such a pained way, and one arm still clutching the gun, Joe was
perfectly still, and his large frame looked so much like a sculpture of
a warrior that one might dig up at some old archeological site.

She was miserable, and lonely, but this was no time to be lost in sweet
memories.

Ana hurriedly shook her head, and knocked away the fleeting remnants of
the dream.

"We should try Psycho Healing."

"Yeah."

Both of them each used the full power of their PSI to attempt to heal
Joe's wounds and loss of blood. When that white-hot light appeared that
was particular to PSI use, Joe's large body suddenly twitched. But aside
from this, he didn't move a single finger, or even one eyelid on his
own.

"It can't be...are we too late? Is he already...gone?"

"Let's try it one more time!"

"Okay."

But even PSI is an effort. It costs energy. They had to concentrate so
hard that it wore them out a hundred times faster than simply using
their hands, feet, or mind in a usual way. The two of them tried over
and over again, with all their might, to the point that they were
completely exhausted, and yet, Joe's massive body remained totally
still.

"Open your eyes Joe, you old man, I'm begging you!"

Ken's face contorted like a crying child's.

"Dammit. If this was just some RPG, we could hit reset, and jump back to
before this even happened!"

\emph{Wouldn't it have been easier to say you just wish we had a time
machine?}

\emph{For real.}

...Ana thought.

If they were able to go back to before that "bad dream", to about an
hour before the present time... If they took out the part with the "bad
dream", and came back here now... That "now" would be different from
this "now". If it weren't for that brief, fleeting dream, everything
would be totally different.

In the course of one's life, there are so many times when this comes up,
aren't there? So many times when one wants so badly to turn back the
hands of time. But, unfortunately, no matter how much you grind your
teeth or stomp your feet, time will never run backwards. Life has no
reset button. The only thing it has is an off switch. And if you end up
hitting that, it's Game Over. That's the end of the line. There's no way
to re-do any particular moments. Sometimes things turn out fine, even if
you spent all your time in an absent-minded daze, and other times things
go wrong even when you've really troubled yourself and thought through
every option and possible consequence. You can give it your very best,
and work hard, but in the end, it's up to fate.

And so...

This wasn't some simple game. There was no going back.

"But...we can't do that, can we?"

Gently placing her hand on Ken's slouched back, Ana whispered to him.

"Even if it's not perfect. And even if it seems to make no sense.
......I don't know how to say it just right, but......if everyone were
able to go back and fix every single mistake they made, every last
person in the world would be an honors student. And then everything
would be completely boring, I'm sure."

"How can you be so cold, Ana?!"

Ken shook off Ana's hand.

"Who cares what the world would be like? Why would you bring up some
weird logic like that at a time like this?"

"I-I was only trying to-"

"Shut up! I just...all I want...is to bring Joe back to life!!"

"......I hear......voices......"

"Huh?"

Suddenly, the lips of that 'sculpture' began to quiver. His eyelids
started to twitch. With eyes that were too swollen, too bruised, and too
stiff to open all the way, Joe sluggishly looked around at the two of
them. And then, boldly and playfully, he grinned at them.

\textbf{"Joe!!"}

"Heh heh heh. Did I make you cry, Ken? I'm sorry. I was only having
fun......well, I'm sorry I interrupted you two."

"What do you mean by that...?"

"Mister Joe! Are you okay?"

"I...I'm not doing...all that great, no...hehheh."

His face seemed weak as he tried to smile, and with what little energy
he had left, he waved his hand.

"Just, for heaven's sake, please don't quarrel because of me. Not when
you're supposed to be in love with each other."

"What?"

"Huh?"

"Oh, what's this? Are you still being stubborn? Heeheehee. Hurry up and
be more honest about...about it...oh...but when I...when I was young, I
was just like you two. Ah, that's right. This old man knows...knows it
very well. Oh man, the good old days, when I was young and
wild......uugghh......my chest hurts...pretty bad..."

"Just hold on!"

"I'm just an old soldier...on the very brink of death. I wanted one last
blaze of glory before I kicked the bucket, but it looks like those guys
took me out a little early."

"What do you mean, they took you out early? You seem pretty lively to
me! Instead of wasting time saying stupid things, just hold on to me,
and I'll get you out of here.''

Ken offered his back to Joe for support. ...And his back looked so
small...

"Just come home with us. We'll put this mountain off until later."

The bossiness of it hadn't changed, but somehow, Ken's manner of
speaking felt different now than it had been before. He was strangely
calm, and strangely decisive. He didn't bother to shout and cry - he
made his intentions clear, and he seemed more confident. He didn't seem
open for arguments. But it wasn't in a terribly harsh way.

\emph{That's what I think, anyway.}

Ana nodded in her own awfully simple way.\emph{ Could all that be
because of the time he spent in that bad dream, maybe?}

"We'll head back to the SUV. I've been watching other people do it for
such a long time, I think even I can figure out how to drive it, one way
or another."

"Right. Got it."

"Hold on..."

Joe's left eye was half closed and appeared as though it had been
crushed, which made it look like he was winking.

"I'm touched and all, but, Ken, do you know how much I weigh?"

"Please don't tell me. If I hear it, it might make me realize I
definitely can't carry you...\textbf{HERE WE GO!!}"

With a rousing cry, Ken grabbed onto Joe's massive body, and he lifted
him up......or at least, he tried to. He tried with all his might, but
no matter what he did, Joe's feet never left the ground. He was just too
heavy, and just too big.

"......Uuurrgghh!! Gyaaaah! Let's go!! ......\emph{Huff, huff, huff}..."

"Hang in there!"

"This is too difficult for you. Just put me down."

"\textbf{Damnit!!} I can't give up! Yaagh!! \textbf{Yaaaaaaaaah!!}

"You have to stop. It's pointless to try."

\emph{Oh, if only Noel were here!} Ana thought.

Noel was able to transport people and things in less than the blink of
an eye with his powers. He'd be able to help the three of them
instantly.

Here, in this place where enemies could show up again at any time, all
they could do was to hold on to Joe, who couldn't move. On top of that,
both Ana and Ken's PSI power was sapped to practically zero. It seemed
hopeless. They were backed into a corner. What were they supposed to do?
What options did they even have left...?

\emph{Oh, that's it! Times like these are exactly when you should be
praying.}

The little girl from the church finally remembered this.

\emph{Lord, please!}

With her fingers interlocked, down on her knees, Ana started to pray.

\emph{Please, please save us, somehow. I know all I ever seem to do is
to beg you for help, and I'm terribly sorry for that. But this time it's
really, genuinely serious. I'm asking you to please, please consider my
prayer.}

\emph{If you save us I'll...I'll......}

\emph{......Uhm......}

\emph{}Ana desperately tried to think of anything she had of value that
she could offer. Practically everything she had on her was something she
had borrowed. Ana's mind was filled with thoughts of things that were
very, very precious to her, but there was only one thing that she felt
she would be able to give up, and that was......

\emph{Oh, Lord...I know what I can offer. If you can help the three of
us escape from here safely, I will sacrifice...my hair......!}

And at just that moment...

\emph{Woosh-shwoosh-shwoosh-shwoosh-shwoosh!}

Ana turned and looked back, and as if it had been alerted via radar or
something like that, she saw a silver-colored saucer heading towards
them, flying low and skimming the steep, rocky surface of Mount Itoi.

"E...enemies!!"

Did God perhaps dislike Ana's hair...? Or, since the offering sounded so
silly, maybe He thought it was her attempt at a bad joke, and now He was
going to punish her for it...?

She became suddenly light-headed, and her lips, which had gone pale,
began to tremble.

\textbf{"Ken! Anaaa!!"}

She heard a familiar voice.

"L...Lloyd?!?"

"I'm coming!! Just wait there!!"

That was Lloyd. But why was Lloyd riding in a flying saucer? Maybe he
stole it from the enemy. Or, maybe it was another clever trick. But, why
try to trick them, now? After all, this was already their best
opportunity for an attack. The three of them were all grouped together
here, and had no way to fight back, so all they'd have to do is drop one
single bomb and it would all be all over.

She was bewildered, but still, that silver-colored thing that looked so
much like a fava bean was getting closer and closer all the while. The
scenery on the mountain's surface was being reflected by its metallic
body. Not knowing just what to believe, she saw a reflection of her own
baffled face looking down from it, steadily growing larger.

While trying to stifle the wild pounding of her own heart, Ana grabbed
the ends of her already-too-short braids, and held them tight.

\textbf{Chapter 9 - The Final Battle}

"At first, I didn't believe it either," Lloyd said in a small voice.

"When that transmission came through on the radio in Sam's house, I was
sure it was just some kind of trap. But then, almost immediately, that
saucer came to pick me up."

"That may be..." Ken replied in an equally small voice.

"But you left all those kids behind. Weren't you thinking about them at
all?"

"Sam would be hurt to know you forgot about him. And besides......I
heard that you guys were in danger. It's not like I had a lot of time to
think these things through..."

"...Thank you. I really thought we were done for."

As Ana said this, Lloyd's expression relaxed. Ken hurriedly clapped his
friend on the shoulder and squeezed it, too.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to accuse you of anything."

"I know."

They had been brought to a secret laboratory halfway up the west side of
Mount Itoi, which was perfectly disguised to look like a natural
boulder. They had left their very weak companion in the hands of someone
they didn't know, which Ana wasn't fully comfortable with, but since
Lloyd told her he would be alright, she didn't put up much resistance.
Generally speaking, it's rude to follow someone around in their own
house and into places they don't want you to be. Especially when their
house is a secret laboratory. The safe thing to do was just to sit there
politely.

Just then, the door to this room deep in the laboratory opened, and a
small shadow came in, calmly.

"You don't have to worry."

All three of them turned to look, and the shadow smiled broadly.

"That man will be just fine. He hasn't lost enough blood to be in
danger, and his broken bones are healing. He seemed to be pretty sturdy
to begin with. He's sleeping quietly now. You should probably let him
rest for a while."

"We should do introductions."

Lloyd stood up, with a very gloomy expression on his face.

"Ana, Ken. This is Dr. Distorto. Well, go ahead, introduce yourself."

He stepped into the light, and just as his name suggested, the doctor's
features looked something like the failed draft of a portrait sketch. In
the shadows of grizzled bangs that reached down to his chin, deep scars
ran across his face in diagonals, slipping in and out of view. With each
step, he veered one way or the other, and this appeared to be because
his left and right feet were both completely different sizes. His white
lab coat, which was far too large for him, was slightly dirty all over
and could more accurately be described as "mousey gray", his flannel
trousers were very shabby and covered in patches, and his sandals looked
like they had been torn to shreds and repaired with stitches and twine
many, many times over. To top it all off, where his right hand should
have been there was a piece of metal shaped like the tip of a question
mark.

"You seem afraid, little miss."

The doctor seemed to be showing off his claw quite conspicuously, while
flashing a somewhat dark smile.

"You don't have to turn away. I don't mind, you can stare all you like.
Heh. This...is the fate of a pitiful traitor."

"A traitor?"

"That's right... I was dazzled by his advanced technology and his novel
theories...I became obsessed with them, and he won me over. I thought I
could grasp all of that overwhelming `science', and take it as my own.
But that Giegue fellow...it turns out he's twice...even three times more
skillful than I am."

"Who is Giegue?"

"......That's the head alien's name, apparently."

The doctor didn't respond to Ana's question, so Lloyd interjected
bitterly.

"In other words, at one point, this guy was cooperating with the
invaders. He was working for the enemy. Apparently he was very
successful in taking over the zoo, turning the adults all funny, and
throwing the world into chaos. But then in the end, when he realized all
the horrible things he had done, he had a change of heart, and he tried
to escape. And that's when they attacked him, and turned him
into...this. Is that about right?"

Dr. Distorto simply shrugged his shoulders, and said nothing.

"...I see."

"Well......"

Neither Ken nor Ana knew what to say to that.

"'If someone asks you for forgiveness seven times in a day, you must
forgive them all seven times'...or something like that. I'm pretty sure
that's what it says in the Bible, isn't it, Ana? And of course, this guy
did save us just in the nick of time back there, so we really have no
right to complain at all, now, do we?"

Lloyd truly had quite a talent for making snide comments with the
calmest look on his face. But then-

"You are being too harsh!"

They turned to look, and saw a robot. This robot had a kind and
beautiful face. Because it had been standing so still, it had appeared
to be a bronze statue, or something like that, but indeed, it was a
robot, with its arms crossed over its chest like an Egyptian coffin,
leaning up against the wall. Its glass eyes housed green flames, which
flickered softly. It seemed that maybe it didn't have enough energy, or
something like that, because only its lips were moving.

"Please take it back. You have misunderstood. You have been too cruel.
The doctor is not like that at all!"

"EVE!"

"I-I am sorry. That was too forward of me......\emph{whirrr whirrr!}"

The doctor turned only his eyes to glare in its direction, and the robot
made a noise that sounded something like a telephone, and it faltered.

"Eve?"

Lloyd's lips quivered suddenly.

"What the heck? That's my mama's name, too. And now that I think of
it......it kind of looks a lot like her, too, somehow......"

"W...well then! In that case, please listen respectfully to your
mother!"

Suddenly, the robot spoke quickly and very cheerfully.

"It was all for me. As you can see, my functions have deteriorated
considerably. Despite how I may look at the moment, I am actually a
being with proficient fighting capabilities. In order to restore me to
my previous level of ability, the doctor, for a very short while,
pretended to cooperate with Giegue......"

"I think we should leave it at that-"

\textbf{"What the hell is wrong with you?!"}

The doctor's low voice was overlapped by Lloyd's shrill voice. Needless
to say, Lloyd's voice was louder, so he won out. Feeling disregarded,
the doctor's figure seemed to shrink, and he slunk to the corner of the
room and sat down facing the wall.

"If you keep interrupting, this will take longer, but if you just
listen, it will go faster......"

"Don't tell me \emph{she} needs to be healed by the Kanon flower too, or
something like that..." Ken muttered.

"I wonder if PSI power would do anything to help?" Ana muttered in
reply.

They were using very small voices, but EVE's hearing was quite superior.

"No, no. Unfortunately not. But, little boy, and little girl, I am very,
very thankful for your consideration."

If she could have moved her body at all, it seemed as though EVE would
surely have been sobbing.

"You see, my ailment is one that concerns machinery. One of my parts has
deteriorated, and cannot be replaced. Unfortunately, the 9801 UX Model
IC chip was discontinued long ago, and it is very, very hard to find,
now."

"A 9801 UX Model IC chip?"

Lloyd looked up at the ceiling in exasperation.

"Why on earth would you still be using such an outdated thing these
days?"

"Sentimental reasons. The doctor is a nostalgic mad scientist, you see."

"What you're saying is ridiculous."

"But Giegue...Giegue has......!!"

EVE's eyes flickered and blinked anxiously.

"Giegue has the `Ultimate Reset Button'. He has some kind of Time
Machine that can set every single thing on earth back to a state like
being in a mother's womb all over again!"

\emph{An Ultimate Reset Button... A time machine that can revert the
entire world to a state like before one was even born!}

\emph{What a terrifying and incredible device!}

It made Ana think back to just a little while ago, when Ken spoke about
how things would be "if this were just a game". To think that Giegue
actually possessed such an unbelievable thing! And at last, their
enemy's name and identity had been revealed. But what a terrifying enemy
he was. And he seemed so much more powerful now than when she had
thought of him as only some vague monster. Compared to ordinary humans -
no, even compared to this team of PSI-wielding Warriors from the Global
Defense Force, his very existence could very well be on a whole other
level - a whole other dimension - entirely. How could they put up a
fight against someone like that......?

Ana's mood darkened as she considered their bleak future, but Lloyd
cocked his head quite a few times, and he seemed to be thinking about
something completely different.

"......9801 UX Model IC chip, hmm......"

He was rubbing his neck with his left hand. And there on his wrist was
that wonderful watch, the one he had gotten from his father so long
ago...that very precious wristwatch...

"Maybe...maybe if I take this thing apart......"

"Take it...apart? No, no! That's more than I deserve."

EVE's ears truly were sharp.

"Please don't. My troubles aren't worth your worry. But it is still very
unfortunate for the doctor that the ones who he went out of his way to
rescue still view him so cruelly due to a misunderstanding. So..."

Lloyd looked at EVE, then at the doctor, who was still crouched in the
corner of the room, then back at EVE, and he seemed to be smiling
through tears.

"So, please, please treat the doctor with more-\/-"

"You said you had proficient fighting capabilities, didn't you?"

EVE was surprised by Lloyd's words, and was silent for a moment.

"I said so, didn't I? Surely robots do not lie?"

"Then will you fight with us?"

As he said this, Lloyd finally took that watch off of his wrist.

"Giegue is an enemy to you too, isn't he? Even if someone can manage to
restore you perfectly, you may end up dead soon anyway. Will you lend us
your strength, in order to save this world? If you will lend us your
strength, then..."

"L...little boy..."

"Doctor! Here. You can have this."

Without looking at the Doctor, Lloyd held out his hand and offered him
the watch.

"...What is this?"

"It's a watch. Specifically, it's an Intelligent Watch. ...Take it
apart."

"Are you sure...? Isn't it special to you?"

"Inside of it, almost definitely, you'll find the 9801 UX Model IC chip.
My dad loved that thing so much he couldn't help himself. Even though he
knew it was outdated, he just had to use it in everything he could. So
I'm sure it's in here, too. ......I can't destroy it with my own hands,
so please...please, do it yourself."

"...This is a keepsake from your father?"

"Something like that. But...it's alright."

The doctor stepped forward, and took hold of the watch. Despite all he'd
said, Lloyd's fingers still gripped the watch tightly, as if he didn't
want to let go. The doctor held the band in silence and waited, until
eventually, like a flower gently blooming, Lloyd opened his hand.

"I couldn't save my mother......" Lloyd mumbled, while his fingers
spread open.

"......So...this EVE, who has my mother's name, and a face that looks a
lot like hers...I'd like to see her brought back to life. At the very
least, I want to see that. So\ldots...please."

"I understand. I won't let it go to waste."

Feeling the weight of it leave his hand, Lloyd's shoulders suddenly
slumped. Ken rushed to him, and supported him.

"Are you okay?"

"......Yeah. I'm fine."

With trembling lips, Lloyd smiled.

"It's okay. This is okay. My dad wouldn't be angry. He'd forgive
me...wouldn't he?"

"I'm sorry everyone. But if you have a moment, could you lend me a hand?
I want to move her up here."

The scientist's voice was calm and practical to the end, and the boys
came to their senses. They brought EVE to the table where the doctor had
pointed, and placed her heavy, iron body on top of it. First, the doctor
set something that looked like a telescope to one of his eyes. Then,
from somewhere in his white lab coat he pulled out seven tools and,
swapping out the metal claw on his right hand for each of them one after
another, he expertly opened the metal plate on EVE's chest. Inside,
there were things so small that you would need a microscope to handle
them, and there were items whose purpose were unknown, that were neatly
and complicatedly wired. There were many, many little things that looked
like match heads all lined up in rows, and thin, delicate little grates.
Things like twinkling fuses. There were things that looked like
ultra-small beds of nails fitted snugly into one another, with cables of
various colors running through. There were parts that were held tight by
screws no bigger than tiny specks, and there were other places that were
soldered together with metal that sparkled like gold. Everything seemed
perfectly in its place, and yet, for some reason, the robot's insides
had a distinctly hand-made feel to them. The doctor's hands moved like a
surgeon's, pushing this aside, cutting at that, probing this. And the
whole time, that special hand of his was particularly useful.

"This is amazing..." Ken sighed.

"He's doing an incredible job...... Oh? Lloyd? What's wrong? You're
covering your eyes. Don't you want to see? I thought you liked this
stuff."

"...No...you guys might be fine with it, but......To me, this looks too
much like surgery on a living body. I can't stand to see it."

"I see..."

"Plus, for the most part, in times like these ethical hackers are
supposed to show some restraint. Inside someone's machine like this, you
can steal glances at some of their personal techniques, and I tend to
feel a little guilty about that."

"Aw, that's no big deal. I think you should look!"

The doctor was totally engrossed in his delicate work. His right hand,
which was now an electric drill, hummed lightly, and as he removed the
final screw from a part that was shaped a lot like a heart, the green
light in EVE's eyes suddenly faded out. Ana and Ken held their breath as
they looked on. Now, it was the watch's turn. In the blink of an eye,
the back cover of Lloyd's precious watch was removed, and the doctor's
right hand, which had become a pair of tweezers, pulled out that tiny,
tiny IC chip. And this time, it was the watch's life that faded away.

Even Ana, who didn't have any sort of empathy for machines, felt a
little solemn.

At this point, Lloyd's curiosity got the better of him. Through gaps
between the fingers that covered his eyes, and with flitting
side-glances, he finally turned to look, and his face was very serious
as he watched......and then suddenly, he cried out.

"......That...that's......!"

The doctor continued his work with an unreadable expression.

"It...it can't be......it can't be!!"

"What's wrong?"

"But...but...that inefficient wiring. That very particular sort of
tangled organization. That clumsy soldering, it's so similar that I
can't even believe what I'm seeing..."

In almost an apologetic way, the doctor glanced at Lloyd for a brief
second, his eyes very neutral.

"There it is! That cruel look in your eyes! Oh! That's it. That has to
be it. EVE...EVE's face. Your fondness for the 9801......oh......"

Lloyd's face became distorted and crinkled.

\textbf{"Papa!!"}

"...What?!"

"It's true, isn't it...? Isn't that true?"

With his voice and facial expression, Lloyd seemed to have reverted to a
five-year-old child.

"You're papa, you...you're my...my...papa, aren't you?!"

"So you finally realized it..."

With a little snap, he screwed something into place, and EVE's surgery
was complete. Her eyes glittered as she sat up.

"It's true, Lloyd!"

Her way of speaking and her mannerisms were now remarkably human, and
very natural. Aside from that silver-colored glimmer, she looked just
like his real mother.

"Otherwise, he couldn't have been so quick to deal with that critical
situation you were all in, could he? You see, the doctor was watching
over the three of you through that watch this whole time. From the very
start of your journey."

"Is that...true......?"

Lloyd looked him over ardently, but Dr. Distorto wore the same, cool,
unreadable expression as always. He removed the magnifier from his eye,
and with slow movements, he returned that claw to his right hand. The
atmosphere was somewhat suspenseful, awkward, and bewildering. Because
they were so badly contorted, it was hard to tell from his lips if he
was smiling, or if he was angry.

"I didn't know......I didn't realize......"

Lloyd seemed vaguely dumbfounded.

"Heh. It's not something worth feeling so down about. So far, the change
hasn't been too unbearable."

"S...so it \emph{is} you... How terrible! If all this was true, why
didn't you just tell me earlier?!"

Lloyd's tantrum was making him seem like a small child again.

"You say you're my dad, but after many years of very little exercise and
eating nothing but delivery pizza and take-out Chinese food and diet
cola, he was thiiis fat, wasn't he?"

"A person's hardships can certainly slim them down."

"And on top of that, my dad always had a beard, and wore baggy jeans,
and smelled like he hadn't bathed in a week. And he hated for anything
to interfere with his work, so he would always speak so quickly,
and......oh, but now that I look closely, you are...you definitely
are...you're my papa. You have my papa's face! Oh...!"

"Woah, hey, hey now-"

"Papa!"

Lloyd embraced him adoringly, and Ken and Ana's cheeks turned red. This
was so unlike the Lloyd they knew, the brave Warrior who had struggled
through so many countless battles with them.

\emph{I wonder if \textbf{my} father is alright.}

Ana remembered back to that morning when her father was in the empty
church, praying with his whole heart, and how strangely small he
looked...and she felt a slight pain in her heart.

"Why, why did you leave us, papa? Mama cried, she cried so much!"

"Well, I..."

"I already told you, didn't I?" EVE interjected.

"In order to revive \emph{me}, the doctor acted as though he was
betraying mankind. But, it wasn't just for my sake, it was for the sake
of the real Eve, or in other words, your mother, as well. The doctor -
no, your father, couldn't bear to see your mother suffering so much, so
he couldn't just stay by her side. He tormented himself trying to figure
out what he could do for her, and he couldn't just sit idly by."

"........."

Lloyd silently fixed his eyes on his father.

\emph{Ah, it's that same expression}, Ana thought.

\emph{When Lloyd and his father do similar things, they look so much
alike.}

\emph{I guess it's just as they say - like father, like son.}

"That's enough, now."

Skillfully using that cold claw of his, Dr. Distorto, otherwise known as
Lloyd's papa, gently pushed his son aside.

"You should go. There's not much time left."

"Time?"

"That's right. Giegue went into his cocoon yesterday, and he should
still be in it until tomorrow. This might be our last chance."

"Cocoon?"

"Last chance?"

The Warriors could only stand there with their eyes open wide.

"If you please..."

The doctor showed them a diagram of a creature that he had carved into a
desk using the tip of his claw. Clearly, when he was in grade school, he
must have spent a lot of time carving things into his desk during class
and gotten pretty good at it. There was real mastery in the linework.

"Giegue is a type of creature that resembles an insect. At many
intervals during the course of his growth, he must retreat into a
specialized cocoon made of his own bodily fluids. While in this cocoon,
he 'sleeps', to put it into human terminology. In the midst of this part
of the cycle, his power is at its weakest. Observing his patterns and
figuring out the timing is how I stole that saucer and escaped from the
mothership. That's when I was attacked by the Omega Saucers, and that's
how I ended up with a body like this......So. If you attack now, well,
you may just have a chance of winning."

"But Joe's still hurt badly..."

"Shouldn't we ask Noel for advice...?"

"And without the help of Queen Mary, we're still......"

The three of them exchanged glances with one another.

"What's this? Are you scared?"

Dr. Distorto was leaning against the desk, and without any of them
noticing it, he had swapped out his right hand for a small mirror and
was now gazing into it, pulling out stray hairs he'd missed when shaving
his beard.

"It's understandable. You are only children, after all."

A large vein twitched in Ken's forehead. Lloyd's eyebrows lowered with a
look of concern and of not knowing which side to take, and he stood in
silence.

"Besides...something like a global crisis, well, that's a matter beyond
any one individual's level of ability now, is it?"

Ana had already figured out that the doctor was acting deliberately
rough in order to build up the Warriors' courage. But, she also knew
this wasn't the kind of thing a girl should be butting into. So instead,
she simply prayed that the doctor would soon say something even more
intense, and that it would get Ken into the spirit of things as soon as
possible.

\emph{Boys sure are a pain to deal with, aren't they?}

"Sure, sure. Human history, progress, advancement, things like that,
they aren't all that important anyway. When it all ends, then it all
ends, it's really no big deal."

\emph{Pluck!}

The doctor pulled out a whisker that was striped with both black and
white, and he absentmindedly gazed at it.

\textbf{"Sh......shut up!!"}

\emph{Ah, at last.}

Finally, Ken began to yell.

"Don't say such stupid things...it makes you look like an idiot! I'm
pretty sure you, Mister High-And-Mighty, are one of those things that
are 'no big deal'."

"......Heh."

The doctor exhaled with a slight hint of regret, and flicked away the
whisker that had been on the tip of his knobby-jointed finger.

"Don't you dare make fun of us. We're...we're not giving up!!"

"Ho-ho!"

"Before now, there were so many times that we thought it was all over.
But all we ever chose to do was to keep moving forward."

"That's quite admirable."

"And of course, I'm not saying we've been able to do everything we've
done so far totally on our own. We've been helped by so many different
people. So......for the sake of all those people, too, we're not going
to give up now!!"

"Oh, is that so?"

\emph{It's about time}, Ana thought, and she had already been prepared
to gather her belongings and get back on the road three sentences ago.
But, Ken balled his fists, set both his legs firmly, and continued to
passionately speak his mind.

"Whether it's aliens, or the Ultimate...whatever-the-hell-it-was...
We're not going to lose. \textbf{We're the Global Defense Force!!}"

"Oh I know, I know.'

The doctor waved his hand wearily.

"Do you want to play your theme song now?"

"No, well...you see, papa..."

Suddenly, Lloyd stepped into the conversation.

"I think you know about the melodies we've been looking for. Our 'theme
song' isn't complete yet. And that's the problem."

"A 'problem', is it?"

The doctor suddenly stood up straight, looked Lloyd right in the face,
and with a tone very different from the mocking one he had just been
using, he went on speaking.

"The thing is, for as long as you live, you will never be rid of
'problems'. This 'final melody' - it isn't here. So there's no reason
for you to stay."

"............"

"'I don't have that', 'I don't have this', 'that's why I can't do it',
'I can't go'... So many objections."

The corners of Lloyd's lips twitched and trembled. The doctor didn't
hold back as he leered at his son, and went on in an even stronger
voice.

"You've always been incapable of so much, timid to the very end, and
unusually cowardly. Did you get that from your mother, maybe?"

With a sarcastic smile, the doctor turned away from him and looked into
that mirror again, and as if he were having a dialogue with himself, he
added one more small thing.

"...it's either that......or, maybe you're still just naive."

For a second, behind his glasses, Lloyd's hazlenut-colored eyes snapped
wide open.

\emph{Oh, good grief!} Ana thought.

\emph{I don't know if this is what that man intended...but I don't think
now is a good time to be having a father-son quarrel like this.}

For the most part, this father and son had been separated for quite a
long time. And to put it plainly, whether they realized it or not, each
of them was quite the spitting image of the other. That talent for such
cutting remarks...that was clearly genetic. But Ana had no idea why they
felt they needed to quarrel like this.

As Ana continued to watch them and felt as though she couldn't stand it
much longer, suddenly, she noticed that Lloyd's expression was changing.
Somehow, all at once, he looked as though he was becoming more calm and
more mature.

"I'm very sorry that I seem to have relied so heavily on you."

His face was calm, and the animosity that had been in his eyes was now
gone, replaced by only a strong glint of hope, as he looked straight at
his father, who turned his head to look back at him.

"Those things you said, I understand them all very well. I'm very sorry,
but we're going to have to borrow EVE. And I'm not sure if we'll be able
to return her to you."

"......That's alright," the doctor replied, his voice indifferent.

"Take the saucer. EVE knows how to operate it."

"Thank you. We owe you...Dr. Distorto."

"......Hey, wait..."

Ken tried to say something, but Lloyd raised a hand to stop him.

"When Joe wakes up, let him know what's going on. Let him decide what he
should do after that. Well then. We're very grateful for all that you've
done. Take care of yourself. ......Alright, everyone, let's go. We're
off!"

The sky above the mountain, where spring had just barely begun, was
perfectly clear all throughout, and the very prominent clouds seemed
almost painted on. On the slope to the south, beside the few thick
clusters of melting snow that still remained, there was an impatient
edelweiss with fresh, beautiful clusters of green blossoms already
beginning to bloom.

Through scenery like this the saucer flew, in as straight a line as any
that could be drawn using a ruler.

It looked just like a silver-colored fava bean. Its destination was, of
course, the summit. As it shot by, the grass and the trees were all
buffeted about by the displaced wind. They flew at a very low altitude,
just slightly above the tips of the trees, and every now and then they'd
hit an outstretched branch and send it flying. At the sight of this
wavering craft, dozens of birds, insects, and animals fled this way and
that. The craft's monitor was filled with the images of fledgling birds,
who were just learning to fly, and young fawns who hadn't yet learned to
run, as they tried desperately to keep up with their fleeing mothers.

\emph{We're sorry...we're so sorry for frightening you...}

Ana clasped both her hands together.

\emph{But if we lose to Giegue, you'll have more to worry about than
just this. The entire world will fall to ruin. All of you...and all the
other animals, too\ldots{} All the mothers of the world, and even the
innocent children...everyone will be caught up in the destruction.}

\emph{So, please forgive us.}

\emph{But we're going to protect you...we're going to win this......!}

"We will soon be at nine thousand, eight hundred feet above sea level,"
EVE reported sharply from the cockpit.

"In two hundred and fifty seven seconds, we will reach our destination."

"I wonder if we'll be able to see the whole enemy base."

Lloyd had taken the position right in front of the computer, and looked
just like a ship's captain.

"We should find a route that makes us as undetectable as possible. Can
we get the sun behind us, maybe?"

"Yes. To do that, we'll need to go south-southwest. But it will push our
arrival time back by one hundred and seventy five seconds."

"Roger that."

"...Hey. Can we...talk, for a moment?"

Ana approached Lloyd's seat, placed her hand on the back of it, and
looked down at him.

"About what?"

"...I may never have another chance to say this, so I'll just say it. I
think that may have been a little much back there. What if you never get
the chance to speak with him again?"

"With who?"

"Your father."

Behind those glasses, Lloyd's eyes narrowed in slight irritation, but
Ana went on resolutely.

"Look...I can't believe you could talk that way to your father... It was
cruel...too much so...to call him "Doctor" like that, so cold and
formal...even if you were joking. Why would you break it off with a
fight right at the very end, when you had just reunited with
him......and when you may never see him again, after this? That's too
sad... Hey, look, why don't you use these wireless radios, or whatever
they are, to say you're sorry......"

"Ana..."

Lloyd slowly shook his head.

"You don't need to be worried about this. It's really, really okay."

"You dumbass."

Ken spoke while polishing his beloved bat with an old cloth he'd found
somewhere.

"A son who feels intimidated by his father couldn't possibly save the
world. It's fine, as it is! His dad's alright with it too, I'm sure.''

"Do you really think so?"

"...Geeze. You'd understand if you really looked at it. Why are girls
always so stupid? So stupid, and so annoying."

Ana was dispirited, so taking her hand, Lloyd softly spoke to her.

"You know...I think my dad was just frustrated with me. It's probably
because I'm his only child, and I've always been kind of nerdy and a bit
of a mama's boy. I'm a coward, I'm indecisive, and I have no courage or
willpower, and I know he's always looked at me through cold eyes because
of it. This whole time, there was nothing that could be done about it.
That's why I'm just really glad we finally had a man-to-man talk about
it. And maybe dad is, too. I think it might be the first time he's ever
acknowledged me. So, if we don't get to meet again, I won't really
mind."

"............"

"But..."

Lloyd's eyes, in that teasing color, gazed into Ana's.

"Thank you. ...For worrying about me."

For some reason, this made her heart flutter.

Lloyd was truly amazing. So calm and composed. She looked at Ken out of
the corner of her eye and there he was, being Ken, still polishing that
bat of his in silence. She had the feeling he was doing this to focus
his mind and will in preparation for that final battle.

Ana felt a sudden pain in her heart.

How could she be talking about such trifling, insignificant, sentimental
things at a time like this? It would be like, on the morning of a big
test, asking things like, "Do you have your handkerchief?", or, "Are you
sure you know the way to school?", or, "Who will you eat lunch with
today?" - the silly kinds of things a mother would ask.

......A mother......!

Suddenly she remembered something that Queen Mary had said. She thought
about the words, "\emph{You and I are, in some ways, clear-cut enemies,
and in other ways, we are also exactly alike}". She hadn't believed that
this could be true. She never realized that she had something like a
maternal instinct, even though she had already decided that she would
become a mother to someone someday, and that she would surely be an
excellent mother, with all her reasoning and sympathy. She would never
think of a child as her property, or spoil them in a way that did not
benefit them, or become hysterically strict. And on that day when her
son or daughter was ready to leave the nest and make their own way in
the world, she would smile and say, \emph{"take care!"} and, \emph{"stay
well!"}, and she would keep her heart strong, just as she knew she
should.

She was so optimistic....without ever realizing how hard that would all
be.

......But, this pain......!

Like something had gone missing, like something precious had been stolen
from her, and would never be found again. Calling it loneliness might be
an exaggeration. To call it regret might be incorrect. But, it pained
her. That pain was overflowing, and becoming tears. It felt something
like being left all alone in a room that was far too spacious and vast.

And then. At the same time, there was relief, and pride. These boys who
she had gone on this journey with were becoming reliable men before she
even realized it was happening, and she couldn't help but feel
overjoyed. This feeling was so strong and powerful that it overtook
those meaningless, trivial thoughts, and it was enough to compensate for
all the negativity.

If they had been her own children, to whom she had given birth...

...All of those feelings would probably be ten, twenty times stronger.

Ken and Lloyd had been completely different people at the start. And the
two of them were about as young as she was, but...no, they seemed
somehow more childish than she had been. For example, there was the time
they had experienced her own terrific PSI power first-hand, or the time
they had all gone to Magicant, or the time when she was the only one who
could hear Noel's voice so she had become something like a guide. And
the times that they split into two against one. Ana always felt nervous
and lonely, but somehow she still managed to put on the illusion that
she was brave and confident. And that's why sometimes, without realizing
it, she would end up nagging them like an older sister.

But she couldn't do this anymore.

Once her children leave the nest, a mother mustn't fuss over them or
meddle. Even if she is worried...even if she is concerned...even if she
is uneasy. They have their own path. She can only believe in them. Trust
in them. She must do nothing but watch from afar. She mustn't become a
motherly stereotype. She can't interfere. She can't get involved.

No matter how deeply she feels about it, or how strong the bond seems.
The two must not become one. Every living thing is its own being. Each
its own, irreplaceable, independent existence.

But then there was Queen Mary!

Ana tightly gripped that red, heart-shaped pendant.

\emph{You spoke about love. You said that love is the key, and that hope
is a weapon. What you said was very difficult to follow. I...I still
don't quite understand it.}

\emph{Please tell me what it means.}

\emph{What did you mean, about "love"? And about "hope"......?}

"Ah, damn it. Enemies!!"

EVE's voice was resounding.

"We failed to evade them. There is a seventy percent chance that we'll
be hit!"

"Please don't say it like it's a weather report."

"Uwaaugh! Everyone, hang on!"

In a panic, Ana looked up at the monitor. Her gaze was met by the glare
of a huge, villainous, black and blue robot, and she could see dozens of
missiles coming for them, slithering through the sky like snakes.

\textbf{THUD!!}

"Gah!"

"Yaaaah!!"

With that dull sound, there came a feeling as though the floor had
suddenly disappeared. Her hair stood on end, and a cold chill ran down
her back. One minute there was a sensation of rising so suddenly that it
made her ears go funny and her body was forced down into her seat, then
the next they twisted and turned until they were upside-down. She was
bumping into things left and right, and she was sure she would end up
covered in bruises. It was just like a high-thrills roller coaster ride.
Except that this one showed no signs of stopping.

Every now and then, on that rapidly flashing monitor before them, along
with the sky, the mountains, and the forest below them, there would be
something that looked like a runway, something that looked like a tower
with blinking lights, some kind of dome shaped building, and many other
things, in random succession. This must be the enemy base! ...she
thought, but the changing scenes were dizzying, and went by so fast that
she could only see a little bit of each one, and if she tried to look
closely, it only made her feel tipsy.

"Uwaaaugh!"

"Hello, Lloyd? I think you already know this, but. We're going down."

"I kno-\/-ouch ouch ouch! I bit my tongue!"

"What are we gonna do?"

"Wah oo-wee do? \emph{(What \textbf{should} we do?)}"

"......I...I don't know, but please think of something quick, because
I-\/-\emph{uurrp}......"

"I'd prefer it if you went to the bathroom if you need to puke but...is
that even possible right now?"

"Is there anything we can do? Please, EVE?!"

"There is not. This craft has become completely impossible to operate."

"Haha. `Completely' - it's that bad, is it?"

"Yes. Completely, totally, one hundred percent. It's hopeless. If you'd
like to hear it in a Southern accent, I reckon it's deader 'n a
doornail."

"You don't have to emphasize it."

Even if it was supposedly "deader `n a doornail", the fava bean-shaped
saucer was still behaving quite admirably. When she thought it would
fall, it climbed, and when it slipped off to the right, it would soon
return to the left. Even if it was going down, there was a sense that it
was still doing its best. And thanks to this, the inside of it had
become like a washing machine, or a blender, or a tumbler.

There was a burning smell coming from somewhere. Gradually, as the
saucer used up all of its strength, the ground could be seen coming in
on the monitor way too close for comfort. This time, for real, at last,
finally, without exaggeration, and with no fooling around, this would
surely be the end for them.

"I'm so sorry. Before take-off, it's always so important to go through
the proper procedure for an emergency exit. I forgot to do so. Please
review the nearby pamphlet for your reference."

"Wait a minute!"

"Hold on!"

EVE got up from the pilot's seat, and the three of them looked at her
with wide eyes.

"A life vest is located under each of your seats. An oxygen mask will
automatically drop down from above you......or at least, it was supposed
to. Well, please figure it out, somehow. And now..."

"And...and now?"

"Where are you going, EVE?!?"

EVE's green eyes seemed to wink as she stood in front of the emergency
exit and looked back at them.

"I'm going to fight that thing."

She pointed her metallic finger at the monitor, which was currently
displaying the image of a huge robot, showing off a daring, triumphant
pose.

"Are you serious?"

"Robots do not lie. As I have already told you, despite how I look, I
have proficient fighting capabilities. ......Uhm, I have a laser switch
right here, and then missiles......and a shield...the shield...my
shield......huh? Where did it go?"

"......Are you sure you'll be okay......?"

"I'll be okay, I'm positive."

"She'll probably be okay......maybe......hahaha!"

The three of them forced themselves to laugh, but to put it simply, they
were all anything but okay. Their saucer was currently in the process of
crashing. And yet they couldn't take their eyes off of EVE.

Their metallic pilot smiled at them sweetly, with a ray gun in one hand
and a shield in the other, then she opened the emergency exit door. The
wind howled through. The three of them each protected their faces from
the dust that came whirling in. EVE's body glimmered in the sunlight.
And then, as she prepared to take that one big step, off into that
bright sky......

"Oh, that's no good.❤ I forgot the rockets for my back.❤ I have to put
those on."

"............"

"............"

"I just remembered who it was that designed her......"

EVE knelt down on the floor just in front of the emergency door, and
first of all, she unhurriedly put down her ray gun, and turned it so
that it was at a perfect forty-five degree angle. Next, she raised her
shield with both hands, and after taking her time to appreciate both
sides of it thoroughly, and with a very graceful motion, she set it
against the wall nearby, and nodded in a truly admiring way. This all
appeared to be in the style of a certain high-class school for tea
ceremonies, but just as a side note, it was especially impressive as the
saucer happened to be roughly swaying as she did this, and was in the
very process of crashing the whole time. They wondered if she possibly
even had a master's degree from that certain school. Then EVE stood up,
with all the grace of a peony flower, took only four or five steps
without touching the edge of the floor panel, and from the inside of a
nearby wall, she pulled out a brightly shining object. It was a device
made for flight that looked like a kind of backpack with vernier
thrusters on the underside. On the back, it had "PROPERTY OF EVE"
written in magic marker.

"Alright."

She diligently secured it with some type of cord, flipped a switch,
tested the remote control, spun around once in front of a mirror that
hung on the saucer's inner wall, checked her whole body over from top to
bottom and made a little sound of satisfaction, and then EVE suddenly
assumed an "at attention" pose. With both hands on her belt, and a
bright smile lighting up her entire face, she was picture-perfect.

However, since she had to wait in that pose for a significant amount of
time before the three of them finally clapped their hands and praised
her with comments like, \emph{"It suits you!"}, and \emph{"You're so
cool!"}, and \emph{"You look amazing!"}...maybe it wasn't so impressive
after all.

Anyway...EVE returned to the emergency exit door once again, knelt back
down......(repetitive text omitted)......and with her ray gun in one
hand, and her shield in the other, she struck another galliant pose, and
turned her head back to look at the trio.

"Now, then."

"......My dad...is an idiot......"

EVE, with her incredible sense of hearing, pretended not to catch that
one.

"\textbf{EVE, out!!}"

\emph{Whooshhh......!}

With a burst of sunshine-yellow flames, EVE flew off into that blue sky.
The faces of the three kids she'd left behind were now jet-black with
soot, and their hair was scorched, frizzy, and gently smoldering.

"Hey...so...in case you forgot? The saucer is crashing."

"So it is."

"So, we should probably get out."

"Yeah, we probably should."

"So, where were those life vests again?"

"Like she said before, they're under the se-\/-"

\emph{\textbf{CRACK-KA-BOOOOM!!}}

And with that...the saucer crashed.

In the end, those life vests and oxygen masks weren't very helpful at
all. Even that brutal roller coaster feeling somehow felt like being
rocked gently in a cradle compared to the confusing chaos that followed,
as the saucer bounced, rolled over, fell to pieces, and was destroyed,
leaving Ana half fainted and half swooned, and having absolutely no idea
what had just happened.

But anyhow...

When she came to her senses, she could hear a large crowd of people
murmuring and whispering all around her, and they were all looking at
her, and touching her all over. The air was stuffy and hot, and there
was the terrible odor of something rotting...an awful scent that pierced
deep into her nose and eyes.

"It's a child."

"It's a child!"

"It's definitely a child!"

"A child from where?"

"Whose child is it?"

"It's my child!"

A ripple of hysterical commotion seemed to spread through the whole
crowd.

"Don't touch her!"

"Get out of my way!"

"What are you doing?"

"This way, come this way, my little baby!"

"Let her go, let her go, you idiot!"

"\textbf{Y...yaaaaauugghhh!!}"

It was a huge crowd of adults, all with a possessed look in their eyes.

They were all covered in dirt and grime, their hair was sticky with
grease and sweat, and the clothes they wore were shabby and torn. She
could hardly tell the difference between the men and the women, or the
young and the elderly. Their movements and way of speaking were
unusually heavy and slow, and they were all chaotically piled up on top
of one another, so that she couldn't help but see them all as one single
living being. They were just like zombies straight out of a movie. There
were those whose faces looked emaciated and thin, and others who looked
bizarrely swollen. There were people with terrible wounds, and hidden
among them, there may even have been some who had already passed away.

\emph{Could these be all those people who had been abducted from
Youngtown?} Ana thought.

\emph{And maybe the people of Merrysville, and Podunk are here too. If
so, then maybe my mama is here somewhere, too. And Ken's mama, and
Lloyd's mama - could they all be here somewhere......?!}

"......M......Mama!"

The second she thought this, her mouth seemed to cry out on its own.

"Mama, mama, mama! It's me, Ana! Mama, are you here?!"

Ana frantically wriggled and struggled as she tried to make her way
through the crowd of people, but none of them could restrain themselves.
They all thought that Ana was their own child, and tried desperately to
cling to her. Just when she thought she had gotten free from one
person's grasp, two or three more hands would wrap themselves around
her. She couldn't walk through all this.

Ana became frightened. She wanted to cry. All of these people were in
such terrible shape. It was awful to have these unknown older men and
women clinging to her like this. They embraced her tightly, and Ana
couldn't help but to tremble. She felt terribly about it, but she
couldn't hold back any longer.

"......I'm so sorry......\emph{eeyaah!}"

Doing her best to be as gentle as possible, Ana tried to use her PSI
powers.

"Aah!"

"Yoww!"

There was only a dim light that lasted for a fraction of a second, but
it had a tremendous effect on these people who had been taken over by
such evil forces. The adults who had been touching Ana suddenly drew
back their hands as if they had been scalded.

Seeing her chance, Ana quickly slipped away. She had evaded them.

But more adults advanced on her over and over again. The ones who had
not touched her yet weren't giving up.

"Ohh, don't go, Lola!"

"Johnny, my cute little Johnny!"

"Vicky! Vicky, my treasure!"

"Waah! Please, let me through. Don't hold me down. Let me through,
please! Mama, mama!!"

Was her mother really here, in a place like this? And where on earth did
Ken and Lloyd go?

She wanted to look for them, but if she let down her guard at all, right
away she'd be seized and held tight by all these strangers. As they all
kept gradually piling up on one another, she seemed to be surrounded by
human walls on all sides.

From a brief glance around, she felt as though this might be the inside
of that dome-type building she had seen. The half-circle shaped roof
part was bent and broken, and that must have been where their saucer had
crashed into it. Through that gap in the ceiling, she felt as though she
could see two figures high in the sky, one blue, and one silver,
whirling around one another as they flew. Black smoke was billowing out
of one of them. Was it EVE? So she must really be fighting then. No
matter what, her standing up against that terrifying robot all on her
own was impressive. \emph{I misjudged you}, Ana thought.

\emph{I want you to come back to us in one piece. Of course, if
possible, I would be so, so happy if you could also defeat your enemy,
too, but for now, it would be enough for us to just get out of here
safely.}

She turned her head upwards to try to get another good look, and in that
moment, while she was distracted...

"Elizabeth! Liz!"

\emph{\textbf{WHUMP!!}}

Rushing in and sending all the people nearby flying, at a foot taller
than anyone else in the crowd and three times as wide, an older lady
built like a sumo wrestler suddenly grabbed Ana firmly, holding her arms
behind her back. She was lifted up, raised high...high into the air, and
then tossed up even higher than that. This lady was incredibly strong,
and had no problem lifting someone as light as Ana up and holding her
there in midair.

"Oh I've missed you, how I have missed you, my little Liz!"

"\emph{Eeyaah!} Y-you've got the wrong girl, w-woah, don't...!"

\emph{Boing, boing}... She was being thrown repeatedly up into the air
with quite a bit of force.

At first, she was frightened by it, but as she got used to it, she
realized it was actually quite convenient. Without everyone else in the
way, this gave her time to look up through the gap in the ceiling again.
But it appeared as though that battle in the sky had moved somewhere
else, because she could see no trace of either EVE or that blue robot.
She was dismayed.

"Put me down...put me down, please!"

"Oh I see, you just want to go higher and higher and higher. Isn't it
fun how high mama can toss you?"

"It's not fun! And you're...you're not...you're not my mama!"

\emph{\textbf{Flash!}}

She let loose a bit of PSI, and just as she expected, the lady cried,
"ouch!", and pulled away from her. \emph{Why would my precious child do
something like that to me?} she seemed to say with her eyes, as she
appeared surprised, frightened, and sad...and Ana had to look away from
her as she broke into a run. The swarm of adults surrounded Ana, and
then they rushed her all at once. They were like obsessive fans going
after their idol.

\emph{Ohh...I wish I had worked harder in gym class!} Ana thought
regretfully.

\emph{If I had joined the basketball club and practiced well enough, I
might at least be better at things like dodging Zone Defense...}

\emph{Even PSI has its limits. If I just keep using it on each person in
this huge crowd, one by one, there will be no end to them. I'd
eventually just exhaust myself.}

\emph{What should I do? What should I do...? What is the right thing to
do?}

Her eyes had just begun to blur from tears, when suddenly one lone,
mad-looking woman jumped out at her.

"Lily, oh, it's my little Lily!"

"Oh! It's you, Natalie!"

It was Lily's mom, an acquaintance of hers. She was someone who helped
out at the church in Youngtown, and sometimes she would drop in to visit
Ana's mom at their house. She was a gentle woman, who was very good at
baking cookies. Even when the precocious Lily was up to mischief, she
would affectionately narrow her eyes and only scold her, and she was the
type of person who would never raise her voice.

But right now, the woman's appearance and posture were very strange. Her
hair, which was always braided so neatly, was now frizzy and wild, and
her skirt and jacket were torn almost in half. Her face was beet-red as
if she'd been drinking too much alcohol, her eyes were wet and
bloodshot, and although she glared straight ahead, those eyes seemed
unable to focus. On top of this, she was crowing in a terribly nasty
voice, like a sulky parrot that had spent too much of its life in a pet
shop.

"Lily, oh Lily, what's wrong? Come here, Lily, quickly!"

"This is awful......what have they done to you, Natalie......?"

Ana couldn't help but stand there, frozen, as the woman forcefully took
her by the hand, pulled her in, and embraced her, as if trying to
prevent her from being taken by any of the others.

"Natalie, oh Natalie, get a hold of yourself! Stop this!"

"Ohh, there, there now. Just go beddy-bye. Don't make a fuss."

"Natalie, please......"

Suddenly, someone else came forward from the surrounding wall of people.

"Gracie? Gracie, is that you? Look this way!"

"Wait, wait, little granny, don't push!"

"What are you doing, old man?"

``Hey, who's standing on my foot?''

"Harold, Harry!!"

"Ooh......I can't. I can't take it anymore!"

Ana hugged Natalie back, and thought of her own mother. If all these
people were in conditions like this, her mother would probably be in
such awful shape by now too, wouldn't she? Ana was worried. She was
ashamed. Something burned in her chest.

"Mama, where are you? Please tell me, what should I do? Ohh......mama!
......Ken! Lloyd... ......Mama!!"

All of the adults continued to crowd in around Ana, reaching out with
their blackened hands, scrambling selfishly in an attempt to hold her,
until finally, they were all just pushing and jostling one another. Here
and there, in places she couldn't really see well, there seemed to be
serious fighting going on. They were pulling each other's hair,
scratching at one another with their nails, and even snapping at each
other with their teeth. The men were already landing earnest, bloody
blows on one another.

This was not proper adult behavior. By all appearances, they had
completely lost their minds.

She had no time to be sentimental. This was not the kind of situation
where she could go easy on them all.

"Lily, oh my little Lily!"

"Please, stop this! I'm begging you all, please, wake up! And stop
\emph{\textbf{fighting}}!!

\emph{\textbf{ZZZZAPP!!}}

There was a terrible burst of electricity. The adults were all sent
flying, and suddenly, the entire area within a twenty foot radius of Ana
was completely clear.

Ana came to her senses with a jolt, and looked around.

There was an older man who had been completely dried out, like a mummy.
She saw another person's hand, bent to an impossible degree. She saw the
thin shadow of a person, collapsing to the ground like a wooden doll.
And there...with her eyes blank and wide as if in shock - as if in
disbelief of being so betrayed...was the unconscious Natalie.

Even those people who had become like zombies wouldn't come any closer
now, perhaps because this sight had understandably frightened them so.
They shivered while clumped in their piles on top of one another, and
they watched her. So many gloomy, lonely faces...faces...and more faces.
Confused, worried, sorrowful faces.

Every one of them was, in actuality, a completely normal man or woman.
If they were to return to their homes, they would become good papas and
good mamas again.

What if Ken's, or Lloyd's mama had been among those who she had just
sent flying? What if Ana's own beloved mama had been there?
No...\emph{no}. No matter what, \emph{all} of these people here were
precious, irreplaceable family members to someone, somewhere. She knew
she should never strike, beat, or be cruel to any one of them. And
yet...

She had attacked them.

She had been hostile towards them.

She had wounded them in ways they may never recover from.

"Aah......aah......aaaah!"

\emph{I can't take this anymore!}

Ana took her head in her hands and shook it desperately. Her thoughts
were overflowing, and she felt as if they might set off another spark.
Somehow, she managed to keep it contained. But the emotions she felt as
she broke down, and the shivers they sent through her whole body, these
she could not control.

"No...no...no......"

\emph{"\textbf{......NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!}"}

"\textbf{Wait!!}"

"...Whoa!"

That swelling and explosive energy was intercepted at the last, critical
moment. Sensing some invisible power, she thought, \emph{oh, Ken must
have stopped me}, but not long after, all of a sudden...there came the
dreadful backlash.

All of her blood seemed to boil, her bones creaked, and every one of her
organs felt as though they'd turned into minced meat from some kind of
terrible shock. All of her pain echoed five or six times stronger. Her
entire body became numb, as though it wasn't even her own anymore, and
only her head became terribly clear, where everything felt like it was
zig-zagging at five to ten times faster than usual speed. Several
convulsions ran one after another through her gasping throat, wringing
out silent cries, and her fingers, which seemed hundreds of miles away,
clawed at the air for what felt like hundreds of years.

\emph{Ah, but...but...there is nothing I can do about this.}

Sadly, the meaning of it all had become very clear to her, and, knowing
she had no choice, Ana thought to herself.

\emph{I have done something terrible. Clearly I've done something that
should never have been done.}

\emph{I have used an unreasonable level of power against fellow humans.
I caused them to feel this type of pain. I knew the potential power it
had, and I should have been so much more resilient. No matter how much I
was suffering, I should have restrained myself. But I wasn't able to
keep it under control at all.}

\emph{I deserve this. I have to take my punishment.}

\emph{Besides...}

\emph{This was the first time I have ever done anything so terrible to
another human being, and I must truly take it all in. I need this. It's
a necessary experience. This is my trial.}

\emph{I have to endure it. I have to get through it.}

\emph{It's only pain.}

\emph{You don't know pain when you're dead. This power could definitely
kill a person. But I'm not dying.}

\emph{If you can feel pain, that means you're alive. So I'm still alive.
This is the proof.}

\emph{I haven't died yet. And I won't die. Until I use this power once
again...the right way, to help people...I can't die.}

\emph{......Oh, Lord, somehow...somehow, please help me......}

Like a drift of snow falling gently from a tree branch, Ana's body
collapsed...but a strong arm caught and held her.

"Ana! Ana, are you okay?"

"......Ken......Lloyd......"

When she slightly opened her eyes, she could see the faces of her brave
friends. Somehow, those hellish pains that she thought would last for
eternity were finally gone.

"Oh......thank you, Ken, I'm so glad. You stopped me."

"I did...what?"

He looked puzzled, and Ana was surprised, too.

If it wasn't Ken who stopped her, who was it? Suppressing that
overflowing PSI power just now would have been quite an incredible feat.
......Was it Noel? But, Noel was so far away, and she didn't think his
powers were strong enough to reach her from where he was. Could it have
been...Queen Mary?

But it was strange. Just before, that voice she had heard......maybe she
had only heard it in her heart, but, that voice that called out,
\emph{"Wait"}...it reminded her a lot of Ken. At least, it sounded just
like Ken, anyway.

"I don't understand."

She was still so dizzy. She couldn't keep her thoughts straight.

"It's just like the zoo, or that time in Spookane. The aliens made them
go all funny."

Of course she knew that Lloyd had misunderstood her confusion, and was
taking time to point out something she had already realized, but since
she figured it would be more of a bother to correct all this, she simply
nodded quietly.

"So these are all the people who got abducted, I guess. Your mama, is
she here?"

"No. But there's another dome over there connected to this one. We can
look there."

"Right."

"......Ana..."

"What is it?"

Ken suddenly reached out his hand and almost touched her cheek, and Ana
flinched.

"You poor thing......I don't think you even realize it..."

"What is it?"

"Your...your hair..."

"Huh?"

\emph{Rustle, rustle, rustle.} When Ken unraveled something from her
hair and held it where she could see it, Ana gasped sharply.

It was white. Like the snow on the caps of the mountains that surrounded
her home village, it was a brilliant, pure, white.

"........................?"

"It changed in an instant...just a moment ago. It must have been from
some terrible shock."

"......Aah......"

She had promised her hair as a sacrifice. But what she had been prepared
for was for it to be cut somehow even shorter. She hadn't thought it
would suddenly change like \emph{this}.

She had been so proud of her hair. A long time ago now, before she'd
started on this journey, it had been as black as the night sky, and
could cover her entire back. There had once been a time when she longed
for blond hair...but in the end, she thought that healthy, straight,
black, exotic hair of hers suited her perfectly.

She pulled her short bangs down and looked them over several times, and
sure enough, they were an unbelievable shade of pure white.

What if it never returned to normal again......?

She tried so many times to stay calm and believe that this wouldn't be
the case, but gradually, the tears began to well up. Ana found it
strange that she was having a stronger reaction to this than to that
awful pain she'd just been in.

"Don't cry. It's nothing worth crying over, is it?"

"......But......but Ken..."

"It's beautiful."

Ana sobbed convulsively, and Ken awkwardly wrapped his arms around her.

"I mean it. It's beautiful. It's really beautiful, so...so don't cry."

"He's right, it's very stylish, it looks like polished metal. It might
even catch on as a fashion trend," Lloyd reassured her, looking very
sincere.

"And besides. No matter what changes, you're still you, Ana, aren't
you?"

"......Yeah. ......Yeah......"

Doing her best, she shut her eyes tightly many times.

Then Ana pulled herself away.

"I really...haven't changed?"

"You haven't changed...not at all."

"You look cool! It's wonderful."

"......In that case, I guess it's alright......"

She tried to smile, although it looked as if she had more tears to cry.
But...only one more drop fell.

"Are you alright? Can you walk?"

"I'm fine."

She tried to stand, but she had no strength in her legs.

"Don't overdo it. I'll carry you."

Ken offered his back to her.

"It's okay."

"Don't worry about it. You're really light."

She only hesitated for half a second. In the end, she nodded, and
climbed onto him...and then Ken's shoulders and back began to tremble
frightfully.

Ana couldn't help it, and she giggled.

"It's no good. You're really tired, aren't you? Maybe you should put me
down."

"It-it's n-not me. Th-th-this is an earthquake. The ground is shaking!"

"Huh?"

"U-uwaauugh!!"

\emph{\textbf{Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble!!}}

There was a familiar sound, and the floor began to crack and crumble,
and then it rose. Something was coming up from below! Suddenly the
ground beneath their feet slanted upward sharply, and all those people
screamed and slid like dominoes, piling up against the wall. And the
three of them were certainly no exception. The only thing they could do
was to hold on tight to each other's hands, so that they wouldn't be
separated.

"Look! It's a spaceship......it's the mothership......!!" Lloyd cried
out, as he landed right on top of someone.

He was right! Like something straight out of a movie, covered in lights,
and looking like an extravagant, vivid spinning top...a massive
spaceship came crashing through the dome's floor, the walls, and the
ceiling, each after the other, and it loomed taller and taller until it
towered high above them all.

"......wHo is it......? wHo dAreS to iNterfEre......?!"

Was she hearing this with her ears? Or was it just in her head? This
grating, awful-sounding "voice" echoed and resounded as it made its
threats.

"......SomE foOlisH liTtle BUG, i'M suRe. NotHinG buT a wOrthLess BUG.
JuSt aS it wAs getTing iNterEstiNg, nOw i haVe tHis tO dEal wItH......"

"You bastard, I'll blow you to pieces!!"

"Wait!"

Who knows where he had found it...but Ken began pulling the pin out of a
pineapple-shaped hand grenade, until Lloyd stopped him.

"Take a good look, down there!"

"Whoa...he's got hostages!"

Now that the spaceship was floating so high in mid-air with nothing
obstructing its view, he could see a glass segment just under the ship,
and it was packed full of more adults!

"Ohh, Giegue!!"

"Giegue!"

"Precious little Giegue!"

"My wonderful son!"

"He-hEh. hAha, HAhAHAHaHAhAHa!"

Every one of the adults, especially the mothers, were calling out, with
an unsettling tone in their voices, and terribly hollow smiles on their
faces. The entire mothership appeared to be gently swaying to and fro.

"yoU sTuPid LitTle BUGS. YoU reAlly aRe juSt helPleSs liTtlE
BUGS......WhAt thE?"

"Hello, everyooone!! Sorry I kept you waiting!"

There was a burst of orange flame and, oh! EVE came flying in! Somehow,
apparently, she had defeated that giant robot from before.

"......No way," Lloyd muttered, quietly.

"Please don't fret! I, EVE, Robot of Justice, have arrived, and now, I
will make easy work of this alien!"

The three of them exchanged looks in silence. They weren't sure if it
was appropriate for her to be this high-spirited. In terms of size
alone, EVE and that mothership were as different as an ant and an
elephant. On top of that, they were sure the enemy would have many more
terrible weapons on their side, like that robot from before.

This was EVE...who had recently been repaired with just a small part
from a wristwatch. They weren't very optimistic about this...

"Surely this is the moment you've been waiting for, oh powerful Giegue.
Well then, let's have a good old-fashioned showdown...a showdown!"

...and maybe they were right not to be.

"......whO tHe heCk arE yOu suPpoSed tO Be?......"

The mothership stopped moving, and here and there, in a state of some
sort of blank amazement, the lights in the windows flickered on and off
meaninglessly.

"Ugh. I already gave my introduction. I said I was EVE."

"......aH, i remEmbeR noW. yOu'rE dR. diStoRto's baNgeD uP oLd robOt.
He'S reModEleD yOu a biT, it sEemS."

"Don't do that. Don't call him by that name."

"I hAve No neEd FoR woRthLeSs juNk. gEt oUt oF heRe......"

"Aah! \emph{Yaaaah!!}"

Was this really the one who had just been striking all those haughty
poses? And just what technique \emph{did} she use to defeat that giant
robot from before...?

The mothership brandished a laser from who knows which one of the
thousand spikes it was covered in, which pierced straight through her to
the backpack-like flying device, and each of EVE's silver-colored limbs
stiffened as she went into a spin, flipped upside-down and came hurtling
toward the ground. The nearby adults panicked and scattered in every
direction, clearing a space.

"Aah!"

"Oh no!"

"EEEEEVE!!"

The three of them rushed over to help, but there was nothing they could
do.

\emph{\textbf{CRRASHH!}}

EVE's body was crushed by the impact with the ground, and all she could
manage was a half-broken, gentle smile.

"Ohh, little boys, and little girl......you came to see me, did you?"

Only one of her green eyes flickered, like a candle just before it goes
out.

"EVE!"

"Stay strong!"

"Don't worry, we can fix you again!"

"No, no...I am too far gone. Destroyed...at last. So please, listen
well, there is something I need you to hear."

"Huh?"

It was a melody!

Instead of a final request...EVE had left them with their seventh
melody.

"That's all of them!!"

And in that moment...

The world went dim, the very air seemed to melt away, and time itself
seemed to blur. The three of them had the very bizarre sensation of
drifting through every place and era at once, as if they had each been
multiplied an infinite amount of times. As if they had entered a screen
full of multiple exposures. Or as if they'd gone through a series of
dizzying jump-cuts.

Everything seemed draped in a slight pink veil, probably because
Magicant was somewhere in the mix. Noel's crying voice, the loud
laughter of that old man in the desert, and Evangeline's fleeting smile,
all appeared one after another and then faded out, giving way to
whatever was coming next. There was the pier in Ellay, the wintery
landscape of Snowman, the secret underground lake. They heard the chimes
of an elementary school, the gongs of a church bell, and the growling of
countless numbers of motorcycles.

And then...

"George! George!"

"Mariaaaa!"

......An alien who came from the heart of the Milky Way, all alone on a
huge spaceship, a long, long time ago...and the connection she had with
two earthlings...they could see it all as clearly as if it were
happening right before their very eyes!

"Oh, George. Where are we?"

"Probably inside that massive spaceship we saw before..."

"......Look! Over there. What is that? It looks like a giant
insect......euugh! Look at its tail!"

"I wiLl not hUrt yOu. You aRe very valuAble sAmPles, afTer aLl."

"Damn you...we won't be your guinea pigs!!"

"SuRpriSing......veRy sUrprisiNg......whO wouLd haVe guEssed tHat on a
reMoTe planEt liKe tHis, thEre woUld bE a SuB-spEcieS oF PSI uSeRs!"

"♫Laa, laa-la-laa, la-la-laa-laa..."

"WHat is thAt?"

"♫Laa-la-laa......hmm? This? It's nothing. I'm a little embarrassed...it
was supposed to be a lullaby."

"A lUllaBy......plEase teLl me mOre. WhaT kiNd of sOng is tHis?"

"Oh, well, do aliens have...children, too?"

"oUr speCies Are boRn frOm egGs, buT......yes, wE do. mY cHild wHo has
nOt hatCheD yeT is heLd deePer in tHe shiP. You're wiTh cHild noW,
arEn't yOu, MAria?"

"Yes. He will be born soon."

"tHen, I wiLl be aBle to obsErvE a NewbOrn humAn chiLd, woN't I?"

"Oh yes! ......Perhaps, you and I will be mothers together. What a
wonderful feeling that is."

"yEs. aNd so, I waNt to lEarn to siNg as weLl. I wAnt to sinG the
lUllaBy to mY chiLd."

"Is that a comet......?!"

"At this rate, it's going to hit the Pacific Ocean...isn't it?"

"Aaaagghh!"

"whAt's wRonG, MaRia?"

"C......contractions......he's coming......our child is coming......!"

"tHe ChiLd............"

\emph{"Aahh...!"}

"Be strong, Maria!"

"......I uNderStand......I'll dO somEthiNg abOut tHaT ComEt."

"What do you mean, `something'?''

"JuSt leAve iT to Me. I haVe PSI......!"

\emph{\textbf{......SPAAARK......!!}}

"What have you done?!"

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry...you did this to save the earth..."

"......pLease, I'm beGging you, MaRia...GeorgE...my cHild, pleAse...my
cHilD......"

"Oh, the egg! I understand, we will incubate it. We will raise him. I
promise. But, please, what should we do? Does it need to be warm?"

"It iS finE jUst as it iS......in eaRth tiMe, it shOuld hatCh in oNly
aboUt onE huNdreD and fiFty yEarS."

"One hundred and fifty years?"

"But we won't live that long!"

"I knOw this. But oN thIs sHip, theRe is a tYpe of tiMe cApsule thAt
ruNs on PSI pOwer......pleAse, usE it, aNd watCh over mY chiLd unTil he
is proPerlY bor-\/-\emph{cough, cough, cough\textasciitilde{}}"

"Miss....miss alien, please, please hang in there!"

"My naMe is...Giegue. My chiLd...pleAse give tHe samE naMe to mY
cHild......"

"'Giegue', is that right?"

"ThAt's riGht. I proBably shoUld hAve told yOu soonEr. (She smiled.)
......gOodBye, GeoRge...MariA. I'm so haPpy to have meT you. tHere is
only oNe uniVersE, after aLl. ......We aRe of diFfereNt speCies, aNd
yeT, we becaMe friEnds......"

"\textbf{Gieguuee!!}"

".................."

"Th-thank you, Giegue. Thank you so much! We will keep our promise. And
earth will never...never forget what you have done for us.........!"

So that was George and Maria's...or, Ken's great-grandfather and
great-grandmother's secret, that no one else knew. Their special
promise.

And so, after some discussion, the two of them decided to split their
roles in repaying their debt to the mother Giegue for what she had done
for their whole planet. George brought their newborn baby back with him
to earth, and in preparation for a day when such beings of an advanced
civilization from another planet may come again, he began researching
PSI. Maria remained aboard the spaceship, entered the time capsule, and
prepared for the day when Giegue's egg would hatch. Perhaps, they
dreamed, if George's research went well enough, the two of them would be
able to live together again someday. Putting their faith in this dream,
the young couple held back their tears, and as difficult as it was, they
pulled their inseparable fingers away from each other.

But, unfortunately...

George, who was now taking care of a very young infant while also
burying himself in his strange research, was harshly looked down upon by
the rest of the neighborhood. All of his remaining years did not allow
him enough time to discover the secrets of PSI.

And Maria's time capsule did not work quite right. Maybe it was because
it had never been intended to be used by a human. Or perhaps it was
because, in the time afterwards, the earth underwent many various
changes that may have negatively influenced the capsule (pollution of
the air and seas, abnormal weather patterns, changes in the earth's
magnetic field due to misuse of radiological weapons, and so on. Because
of things like these, the world is a very different place now than it
was a hundred and fifty years ago). It's hard to say for sure. But
somehow...

Within that strong PSI field on Giegue's ship, Maria was reborn as Queen
Mary, having no memories from the time when she was human, and she
brought forth the kingdom of Magicant. That overly-sweet, pink-colored
kingdom that was so much like a baby's nursery...

And then, Giegue's child hatched from the egg...without having anyone
there to watch over him......!

"I remember now!" she cried.

"I remember everything clearly. Oh...George, I remember you. And
Giegue!! And that song...of course...I remember that song!!"

And there on the peak of Mount Itoi, overpowering all of those images
and all other sounds...Queen Mary's voice rang out in song.

\emph{♫Laa, laa-la-laa, la-la-laa-laa...}

\emph{Laa-la-laa, lalalalaa......}

Having only eight small parts in all, it was a very short song. But she
repeated it over and over again. At first, she seemed to be going over
it slowly, as if she hadn't perfectly remembered it. After that, she
sang it proudly and powerfully, as if she wanted the whole world to hear
it......!

Before they even realized it, and without even a thought, they all
raised their voices and sang along. Ana, and Ken, and Lloyd.

It was a melancholy, nostalgic, sweet melody. The sound that poured from
their lips almost brought tears to their own eyes - it was the kind of
song they could imagine having heard at one point in time, perhaps while
clinging to their mothers' knees, or to her bosom.

"...wh...wHat iS tHis......? stOp thAt......!"

The mothership that towered over them and filled the sky above began to
shake wildly. And they had the sense that perhaps some giant alien
inside was thrashing and squirming with its tail, like a fussy baby
would.

\emph{♫Laa, laa-la-laa, la-la-laa-laa...}

\emph{La-la-la-laa, laa-la-laa, la-la-laa......}

"S-so loUd...... sT...stOp......tHis sonG......sTop siNgiiing!!"

There was a flash of something like red lightning from the front of the
mothership, and suddenly they all felt a pain in their throats. Somehow,
it seemed Giegue was attacking them. The air around them became thin, to
the point that they felt they might no longer be able to raise their
voices.

And yet, the Queen and the trio did not stop singing. They dug their
nails into their palms, and their faces turned red with their effort.
They sang stronger, they sang louder, and they sang more clearly. This
beautiful song of a mother's love......

"Y...yOu liTtle buGs! You aWful littLe \textbf{BuGS}!! bE quiEt, be
qUiet, \textbf{be quiEt} - stOp \textbf{SINGIIIIING!!}"

The notes rang out even louder.

Ahh, now all the adults...the mothers who had been abducted, and the
fathers, too, they all began to sing along......

"......tH......thaT sOng...stOp...sTop thAt soNg......"

At first, they were timid, but gradually they became more confident. The
entire crowd joined in. Now, the chorus was so strong, the entire dome
was shaking.

And it wasn't just this one place. Here and there, all over the world,
the song began to ring out.

Joe's wonderful voice, Amy's awkward voice...listen close - perhaps even
you can hear them now, too.

The music box, the singing monkey, Miss Laura, of the Canary Village,
each of them raised their voices and sang the parts that had been
entrusted to them with particular skill. The twins, Mimmie and
Minnie...and Pippi, the red-haired friend who was so far away now,
cheerfully chimed in, as well. That purple-colored piano, the bizarre
cacti, and the jukebox at Uncle Sam's house, too. Standing
shoulder-to-shoulder, everyone swayed together, all singing that same
song. Even the fallen EVE rose up, and she sang her final song once
more, in a very prideful solo.

That one simple song -- the very same song that a friend, who had come
from some far-off unknown planet, had asked to learn one hundred and
fifty years ago -- had been beautifully revived, and was now given new
life all across the planet......!

From the forests and the mountains and the plains rose the voices of the
insects and the animals, and they added to the harmony. Under the sea
and above the clouds, the fish and the birds joined in, too. Those with
naturally beautiful voices took the lead, and the ones who were only
so-so followed suit. Those without a voice at all still sang true in
their hearts. Everyone came together as one. The powdery snow that
danced as it fell, the flowers that swayed in the wind, the clouds that
drifted across the sky, and look...even the stars twinkling out in space
seemed to get into the swing of that one song.

Then all the little ones, feeling so happy and comforted, began to close
their eyes. And all of the parents puffed out their chests with pride.
Those who had someone by their side held hands with them, while those
who wandered alone thought very sincerely about the ones they held dear.
Every heart melted into one, with the same melody. They sang out loud
for a world full of love, for the hope of each new generation, and with
thankful prayers for the blessing of life.

\emph{♫Laa-laa-la-la-laa, laa-laa-la-la-laa}

\emph{Laa-la-la, laa-la-la, la-la-la-laa}

\emph{Laa-la-la, laa-la-la, la-la-la-la-la......}

"sTop iT!!"

The world was singing...

"StO......"

The world was humming...

"!!!!"

......Maria's lullaby......!

"............"

"whY...wHy...am I...all alOne? I'm diFfereNt frOm evEryOne eLse.
mOm......momMy......mAma......motHer... wheRe are yOu? WheRe haVe you
goNe? pleAse come oUt. Please dOn't hiDe. pleaSe holD me. Let me sEe
your fAce. MotHer? My...preCious...mothEr?!"

"Oh, there, there. There, there now, don't cry."

Within her pink palace, the mother Maria spread her arms wide.

"You're a good boy. A good boy. Giegue...I'm sorry that you have been so
lonely."

"......mAma......?"

Overcoming time and space, and even species, Maria took the baby, tail
and all, and held him lovingly.

\emph{Perhaps, he is taking the place of her real baby, who she lost so
soon after his birth...} Ana thought.

\emph{Or is it some kind of atonement? A way to make up for the broken
promise?}

But Maria's expression was, as always, so calm and gentle, and made
Ana's suspicions seem unnecessary and irrelevant. After all, Maria was
Queen Mary, the one who called herself "a mother to all children",
wasn't she?

"Giegue, oh Giegue!"

With her tiny white hand, over and over again she stroked the head of
this insect-like creature with such a long tail.

"I'm sorry I was not able to fulfill my promise. It must have been so
painful for you. You must have been so heartbroken... But it's alright.
You're not alone anymore. I'm here with you now. So, we should go,
shouldn't we, Giegue? To where your mother is."

"mY...moTher? ......whEre my mOther iS?"

"That's right."

"You knOw her? rEally? My motHer?"

"Yes. I know her very well."

Queen Mary...or Maria, smiled, and Giegue's eyes sparkled with an
unknown expression as he tightly took her hand. He gave a huge,
high-spirited nod.

"okAy! tHeN I'lL gO wiTh yoU!"

"But all those other children must stay. They mustn't come with us."

"othEr...cHildrEn? ......Oh, i unDerstaNd. You mEan AlL of \emph{tHeM!}
I'lL pUt thEm doWn...i'Ll pUt ThEm dOwn nOw!"

A band of strangely-colored light reached down from the mothership.
Slowly, all those people who had been abducted began to file out.

"......Ah!......It's my mama!" Lloyd cried.

"Is that...my mom?"

Ken did his best to keep his face from contorting with tears.

Ana couldn't stand it any longer, and she began to run. She pushed past
all the people who were exiting the craft, and ran up, up into that band
of light...she practically flew! ...Right into the arms of her mother!

"...............!!"

She clung to her in silence. They held each other close. It was her
mother. Her mother's touch. Her mother's scent. The same as always. Her
mother's warmth.

The people who were being held in the spaceship weren't as battered as
the ones who had been held in the domes.

\emph{......Thank goodness!}

\emph{Thank goodness...my mother is alright......!}

Before long, the mothership began to float upwards, steadily climbing,
until it was so high in the sky it was no longer visible.

In a shimmer of light at the very end, Ana could have sworn she caught a
glimpse of the childlike Giegue, frolicking joyously to his heart's
content with Queen Mary.

And with that, the world's crisis had been averted!

\textbf{Chapter 10 - And on to the Next Journey}

Many, many planes, helicopters, blimps, and other aircraft had gathered
around the summit of Mount Itoi. And they dropped many, many parcels of
food, clothing, and first aid supplies using parachutes. Until then, the
United Nations Armed Forces, government workers from each country, and
news organizations had been unable to approach due to Giegue's Psycho
Barrier, but once it had been removed, they were finally able to head in
to rescue all the people who had been abducted.

At some point afterwards, Joe and Dr. Distorto were called and told the
news. Of course, they had always been confident that the three Warriors
(and EVE) would be victorious.

The sky was blue, the clouds were white, and the wind that blew across
the mountain was as refreshing as it ever was. The birds were singing,
the flowers were blooming, and the butterflies were fluttering. And just
as always, the animals were bringing their new young ones into this
world, one after another.

The seasons had changed, and spring was now in full bloom.

Messy, golden hair jutting out from underneath a red baseball cap. A
glittering, silver-white bob cut. And curly, chestnut-colored hair
framing a wide brow, with just a sliver of the temple tips of glasses
showing through. The three little Warriors, without knowing quite why,
stood side-by-side and looked up high into the sky.

"......So, It's over, huh......" Ken muttered, and Lloyd silently
nodded.

Ana wanted to say something meaningful, but unfortunately, she couldn't
think of anything.

Looking back at it all now, everything seemed like it had been a dream.
In the end, Giegue and Queen Mary...and Magicant - what on earth had all
of that \emph{been}? Had all those people and events actually been real?
How could anyone say such things exist, in a world like this...?

But that heavy ruby pendant that had been left to her...that was proof
of it all. Her body felt somewhat weak. She felt uneasy, for some
reason.

And so, Ana reached out on both sides, and touched each of the two boys'
hands with her fingertips, gently. Ken's hand fled slightly from hers,
and Lloyd's hand gave a startled shiver. But in the end, they both took
her hands, tightly. The two of them were still a little shy. Even at a
time like this. Still playing it cool after everything.

\emph{Ohh, that's right.}

Ana suddenly felt very lonely.

She was overcome by an unbearably sentimental feeling, and she couldn't
stand the thought of it.

But...there was no longer a need for the Global Defense Force. Very
soon, it would be disbanded. This was good-bye. Although they had sworn
an eternal friendship, they would soon each go their separate ways. Even
though they were friends who shared the same fate time and time again,
and had even risked their lives for one another......Before long, they
would have to part.

Incidentally, their three mothers had become good friends, too, having
all kinds of enthusiastic chats on the sidelines about how worn out they
were from home-making. Where they could find socks that were cheap but
durable...which detergent was the best at getting out stains...truly, a
woman's spirit is enduring. Even the crisis of the planet, and its
aversion, didn't inspire them as much as these things did.

"......Hey, you there!"

A deep voice called down from a hovering helicopter straight above them.
Instinctively, the three Warriors......no, the three \emph{former}
Warriors, let go of each other's hands. Somehow they felt as though
they'd been caught by their homeroom teacher...even though they hadn't
even done anything particularly wrong. For some reason, they all
blushed.

The first thing that Ana noticed was a camera, with the NBS
International News Network logo on its side. And suddenly, it turned
towards them.

"Ken? I thought you might be here...Ken, is that really you?!"

"......Pa-\/-I mean, dad!"

"Hey there! You look like you've been through a lot. But you did well
out there. You work hard, just like your mother."

"Yeah, yeah..."

"And to top it all off, I heard you've made so many new acquaintances,
like this Hurricane Joe fellow. I think we could make a great
documentary about him. We have to do a special program on him, right
away...a whole special! You've \emph{got} to introduce us, please!"

"Do you even know what you're asking for...?"

"Don't make me cut your allowance..."

"Th-that's not fair!"

Ken's father smiled, and he looked very stylish in a headset with a
microphone, and sunglasses that suited him perfectly. They got the sense
that the guy in the pilot's seat and the guy with the camera were asking
him questions and gesturing to him.

"...But I have to get back to the office. Do you guys want a lift?"

"Yy......"

\emph{Yes!}

...He seemed ready and happy to say, probably because of his
irresistible love for just about anything that flies.

But Ken swallowed his reply halfway through, and he turned around. He
looked Ana over thoroughly, and she seemed to lose her nerve and take a
step backwards.

And then, she nervously shook her head "no", and those wonderful blue
eyes narrowed, in an expression far more mature than any he'd made when
they first met.

"Ana. Why are you backing away?"

"N..no reason."

"Do you want to go back...to your church?"

"Huh?"

"Well then, I guess we'll go with you."

"What are you talking about? Where are we going?"

"I'm thinking..."

Ken balled his fists and lowered his voice.

"...we go on a whole \emph{new} adventure!"

\textbf{{[}{[}So let's go, let's go! Only this time, we're not kids
anymore.{]}{]}}

".........Ah!........."

How strange. Ken's "broadcasts", which she had fully given up on hearing
by now, were suddenly being picked up again by Ana's "radio"!

\textbf{{[}{[}It's a little too late to go back to being good little
children. Going back home would be so boring... Going back to school
would just be so draining... We can't just get dragged back into the
life that the adults make for us. I think we more than repaid our debt
to them for having raised us with that last journey, didn't we? Let's
just drop all their complicated reasoning, and go wherever we want,
right now. If you and Lloyd are with me, any destination's fine. Any
place we go will be amazing. This time, we're not doing it for anyone
else, this journey will be an adventure just for us...so, both of you,
hurry up, and let's get moving!{]}{]}}

"......Y......yeah!!"

Ana nodded with powerful enthusiasm, while subconsciously, she gently
stroked her lower belly. And somehow, her smile was not unlike that of
Queen Mary.

At the foot of the mountain, even the cherry blossoms were already
blooming.

\textbf{THE END}

\textbf{Afterword}

Good afternoon. It's nice to meet you (I think?).

Welcome, to the world of "MOTHER".

You've already beaten the Famicom game "MOTHER", right? Well, as for me,
at the time that I wrote this, I still hadn't been able to find the town
of Valentine. But, while referencing the scenarios, settings, and
character summaries, and using a guide given to me by someone who had
gotten farther than I had (where to find the items that you need to get,
etc, etc), I steadily, sneakily, gradually was able to move on. If I
didn't write anything out until I had achieved a perfect victory, the
manuscript would absolutely have fallen apart. Reluctantly, I would have
given up halfway through.

But anyway...

I had slightly complex feelings about playing an RPG for work.

Enjoyable games are a kind of drug. For reducing stress, taking a break
from life, for a change of pace......they can be very good for all that,
while also causing addiction.

"Oh, my will must be so very weak. I must be a slacker and a slowpoke,
boo-hoo..."

I soaked myself in pleasurable masochism, while for long spans of time
the hands on my clock spun round and round, and I refused to separate my
fingers from the controller......but, that's normal for a happy gamer,
isn't it? "Let's play Famicom for one hour every day!", said that famous
Master Takahashi. Basically, there are so many people all across Japan
who are not satisfied by only that one hour.

But even so...

This time, I was playing it for as many hours per day as I could,
sacrificing meals, and going out, and getting sleep, and the more I
immersed myself in the game, the more enthusiastic I became in preparing
to do my job. Even if the manuscript was delayed a little, I had an
excuse. And this time, playing a game had become that excuse. What luck.
I felt so grateful. But for some reason, I started to have some sort of
strange feeling, like embarrassment, like something was wrong, a feeling
of being very unhappy......because in the end, surely there would be
some kind of retribution, wouldn't there?

Furthermore...

This was the first time I had ever played a game before it was
officially released. It was a ROM cassette with a bare circuit board,
and the software would be slightly different from the final version. I
was playing something that virtually any other Famicom fan in Japan
still didn't know about, and couldn't possibly get their hands on.
Ehehehe, of course, I had quite a bit of pride in this.

Even more fortunate (?) was my boyfriend. He was the type who didn't
have a Famicom, and had hardly ever used one. Just as I stepped into the
desert, I went very pale. In any other place, you were able to stop
right away at any time, but somehow, this time it really felt like
actual work.

"I'm sorry, but, I can't put this down right now. Ah, good grief, this
is terrible."

I put on a serious face and steadily, cautiously, I tried to continue
playing.

"Hmm...hey, how about this? What if you lend it to me for a little
while?"

"Oh, you want to try it?"

"Yeah."

"Well, sure, that's fine. We'll trade off. Just don't get me killed."

He was completely taken in by it, my boyfriend. I don't know if it was
"Beginner's Luck", or if it was just the frightening obsession of a
novice. Or perhaps he just had a natural talent. Or was it,
unfortunately, that I was just terrible at it?

But thanks to him, I was able to find many important things, like the
old man of the desert, and the supernatural baby with secret
supernatural powers, and I am truly grateful for that. And my boyfriend
is also indebted to me, for allowing him to have his first experience
with an RPG also be a game that hadn't officially come out yet, which is
pretty cool. That kind of guy is rare. I wonder if it was a shame that I
took his "Famicom virginity", which up until then had been so preciously
guarded.

When the final version of "MOTHER" comes out, and it's different, I
think we should fight through it together again. Heehee.❤

By the way, I'd just like to make it clear that the contents of this
book are significantly different from the game scenario. So if you were
thinking of using it as a strategy guide, this should be ample warning.
If you try to find some of the special items that appear in this novel,
it would be in vain, for at least half of them.

If you are interested in seeing which things are different, by all
means, please enjoy both of them.

To add to this. The original creator of the work told me, "Please do
whatever you like" (famous people are really so generous). Mr. Ishii
from Shigesato Itoi's office often faxed me tons of material (and in
response to one of my jokes, began referring to me as "Kumi-Byuun"). Mr.
A of Shinchosha Publishing continued to go easy on me, forgive me, and
laugh even when I disappeared with two chapters left to go (but he still
made sure to get a manuscript out of me in the end). There were many
others who I'm very sorry I didn't include here. I am incredibly
grateful to all of them. This "job" has been so much fun. Thanks to
this, I have lost 6 pounds, and gained 11. Because of all these cold
sweats, I'm no longer afraid of the summer heat. I really am very
thankful.

And to those of you who have purchased this, I am very grateful as well.

I think the next time I get the chance, I want to go on a new journey, a
new adventure, too.

If we get another opportunity, I hope we meet up again somewhere (oh, I
almost forgot to mention it, but, in this book, there are various
parodies of movies and books and things like that. Incidentally, in this
last sentence, I am mimicking a certain lady author. Can you guess who
it is?)......

A sleepy-eyed Kumi-Byuun, otherwise known as...

Saori Kumi

\includegraphics[width=1.5465in,height=0.789in]{Pictures/10000000000000C800000066D54D768D5FDC3CFF.jpg}

\textbf{Edit/Censor/Localization Log}

\textbf{Chapter 2}

\emph{-Localized-}

"...Depending on who you're talking to, discussing things like ketchup
on a hot dog, eating pizza with a fork, or the proper way to do barbeque
can be taken as offensive, did you bring up something like that by
accident?"

\emph{-Original-}

"Depending on the sensitivity of the person you're talking to,
discussing foods like udon noodles in miso broth, momiji manjuu, or
zazamushi larvae boiled in soy sauce can be taken as discriminatory or
offensive, did you bring up something like that by accident?"

\textbf{Chapter 3}

\emph{-Localized-}

\emph{"}Like some terrible game of king of the hill..."

(Original game comparison was Boutaoshi)

\emph{-Note-}

``\textbf{Men...dou...kote!''}

(I couldn't figure this one out at first, but during an overhaul I
looked into it further and apparently these are kendo terms! Just a
note!)

\textbf{Chapter 4}

\emph{-Localized-}

"And a 'Band-Aid' is an 'adhesive bandage', a 'Xerox Machine' is a
'photocopier', and 'Velcro' is a hook-and-loop fastener. And now here's
a question for you. Do you know the proper term you should use for a
Q-tip?"

(Original trademark examples were Band-Aid, Cellotape, Electone, and
Hotchkiss.)

\emph{-Localized-}

"...and took out two cans of Gatorade-\/-whoops, I mean a non-specific
sports drink."

(Original sports drink brand was Pocari Sweat.)

\emph{-Localized-}

\emph{"}You're no better than a...a tax auditor!"

(Original comparison was to the Shibuya Tax Office, specifically)

\emph{-Localized-}

"Holy...hole!!"

This may have been a pun, but it certainly wasn't a joke.

(The original joke was a pun on Ana's name {[}"ana" means "hole"{]}

I'm really sorry for this one.)

\textbf{Chapter 5}

\emph{-Censored-}

She shook blades of grass out of her tangled, curly red hair, and
shrugged, with a cute and somewhat aloof gesture.

\emph{-Original-}

She shook blades of grass out of her tangled, curly red hair, and
shrugged, with a gesture one might almost call "sexy".

\emph{-Censored-}

It was a town famous for drugs, violence, and crime, and good little
children were forbidden to go there!

\emph{-Original-}

It was a town famous for drugs, violence, and sex crimes, and good
little children were forbidden to go there!

\textbf{Chapter 6}

\emph{-Omitted-}

\emph{...}She was wearing a very bizarre outfit that looked as though
she had tried to throw on an entire house's worth of clothing at once,
and when the children met her gaze, she growled like a wild animal. Ana
had just been pondering the fact that her voice sounded so much lower
than one would expect from a woman, when, as they hastily walked past
her, Lloyd pointed out, "that person has an Adam's apple, don't they?"

Ana thought about this for around thirty seconds, and then she
shuddered.

\emph{-Localized-}

\emph{`` He was loudly rustling the bag of chips he had in his
hand...''}

\emph{-Original-}

\emph{``He was loudly rustling the bag of shrimp-flavored chips (KAPPA
EBISEN) he had in his hand...''}

\emph{(It was suggested that I remove or change ``shrimp-flavored'' to
help the story sound more ``American'', and I think that may have been a
good call.)}

\emph{-Censored-}

...as well as the intense urges particular to puberty...

\emph{-Original-}

...as well as the intense sexual urges particular to puberty...

\emph{-Censored-}

He said something about how in the first half of your teen years, you
have passionate feelings of love, and certain...urges, and all kinds of
things like that."

"Ce...certain urges? W-w-what the heck is that guy thinking about?!"

\emph{-Original-}

He said something about how in the first half of your teen years, you
have passionate feelings of love, and sexual urges, and all kinds of
things like that."

"Se...sexual urges? W-w-what the heck is that guy thinking about?!"

\textbf{Chapter 7}

"Oh blue bird, little blue bird...there's no place like home!"

(This isn't a change or edit, just a reference to the play The Blue
Bird, which might make no sense if the reference isn't understood. I
feel like most other references are clearer than this one, so I thought
I'd mention it here. It's a pretty clever reference for Ken, honestly.)

\textbf{Chapter 8}

\emph{-Localized-}

Did God perhaps dislike Ana's braids...? Or, since the offering sounded
so silly, maybe He thought it was her attempt at a bad joke, and now he
was going to punish her for it...?

(The Japanese version is a very silly, random pun. Ana offered her hair
("kami") to God ("Kami"), and she is convinced that God saw this as a
terrible joke.)

\textbf{Chapter 9}

-Localized-

If you'd like to hear it in a Southern accent, I reckon it's deader 'n a
doornail.

(The Japanese version of this joke used Osakan dialect to say "It's no
good, truly")

\emph{-Just a note-}

``...(repetitive text omitted)...''

I just wanted to make it clear that the original novel actually says
this lol

\emph{-Localized-}

``......I uNderStand......I'll dO somEthiNg abOut tHaT ComEt."

Original text doesn't specify what Giegue is doing something about,
which felt confusing, so I added the last part.

\href{https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pwDBXILccVSOOD4pL1NfYnqMHiJ8R3cIv4NwrqQ0p-M/edit?usp=sharing}{\emph{\textbf{Special
Thanks!!}}}

\end{document}
